: "Pretty great!  Okay, so this place is obviously not Vegan since they have a bunch of cheese and egg offerings, BUT I see that they do offer plenty of vegan alternatives.\n\nI was sort of skeptical being here because the prices were pretty hefty, I felt.  I guess it looked like a fast-food/diner joint, but it charged a little more. \n\nAnyway, their homemade hot sauce is AMAZING.  I got the eggs benedict for dinner and J got an omelet.  Both were really good.  I do love their homefries.. but the next time I come here, I want onion rings or fries.  Those onion rings looked amazing.\n\nLastly, the food came relatively quickly.\n\nNot a fan of the service.  They tried to seat us at this edge facing the stoves, without asking, so I asked for a booth.  Then at the booth, the server didn't refill waters very well but didn't feel bad emphasizing over and over whether or not we wanted their $5-7 desserts.  Honestly, a slice of pie for $6.50?  Veggie Galaxy, you are t r i p p i n !\n\nBut great food! (especially breaky!)"
: "The Tale of the 4-Starred, Up Close and Personal Bar.\n\nThe Back Abbey is a bar that is located in the charming West Village part of Claremont. The area resembles the old shopping strip-meets-new shopping strip of San Luis Obispo.  What they did -- or so I've been told -- is that they've managed to preserve the old strip, leaving it looking the way it presumably did in the 70s.  Rhino Records is located in the older part.  The Back Abbey in the new part.  Both distinct areas of their aesthetic and consumer pull. \n\nThe Back Abbey specializes in Belgian draft beer.  They carry some German and English beer, as well.\n\nWow, the selection of beer. Let me tell you! A lof of them I have never heard of. I tasted the Augustijn (Belgian) and the Hofbrau Original (German).  Both were good, but I prefer the Hofbrau.They come in different sized glasses, with the Hofbrau coming in a long glass. The Augustijn was $9, and the Hofbrau $6. The Hofbrau came in the larger glass, so the Augustijn must be considered some premium brew for it to be in a smaller glass and come knocking down doors at a mighty $9.  \n\nI liked the overall aesthetics of the place. There is an up-close-and-personal feel to the bar. Along with the standard bar and barstools set-up, there's a long table that goes from one end of the bar to the other. People sit across from each other and, since the tables are not wide, you're not far at all from the person sitting in front of you. Like I wrote earlier, up close and personal is what this bar has going for it.\n\nThey have a food menu, as well. Above their draft selection of beer, they have a chalkboard placed high up with a list of what they serve. For those veggies among us, they even make a veggie burger.\n\nLastly, the patrons all seem to know each other. Maybe it's the small town mentality. But it's not exactly a backwards, hick town. It's very much modern in certain ways, and people just love to talk. Couple that with brew, and there's a lot of talk going on.\n\nI had a discussion with someone at the bar, who bartends at a bar not too far from The Back Abbey, and he told me that the Augustijn is the oldest beer recipe known to man. (Ah, ok. Old is vintage. Vintage is expensive. Thus, Augustijn is expensive.  And two + two = four. I got this down, partna'.)   Again, can we give it up for \"up close and personal\"?\n\nAnd, lastly, the bartenders were very attentive and enjoyed talking about the difference between the brews. The goateed gentlemen was specifically patient in describing which ones were Belgian, German, and English.\n\nThe mantra of this review should be \"up close and personal.\"  This is what this 4-star bar is all about."
: "Went to Rebecca's Cafe today during my lunch break today.  I have to say, my sandwich was delicious!  I had a Chicken Caprese panini (grilled chicken, tomato, mozzarella cheese, spinach, and balsamic vinaigrette).  The staff was friendly and the service was quick, however the price is a little high for my taste ($7 or so for the sandwich only).  Overall, I would definitely go back to try some different items (or even get the same sandwich), but it won't be too often."
: "After enduring years of crappy, undercooked, bad pizza in and around Ann Arbor (a la pizza house, cottage inn, and the like), Silvio's brings real pizza to town. Real pizza should be thin, have a crispy, bubbly, sourdough crust and be full of flavor, not grease, and this is the only place to get it.\n\nDon't be fooled by the \"organic\" part of the name, it really should be called \"Silvio's Italian Pizza\"\n\nBeware though, the more toppings you get on this pizza, the less well it cooks all the way through, and the less of a full pizza experience you get. The Margherita is a little light on the cheese, my only complaint."
: "Cannot believe how highly rated this place is, wow. Takes forever for them to get orders out even when its super slow. Our pizza took something like 65 minutes from the time we ordered it. Now i will wait that long if the pizza is going to be amazing, like at pizza popilis down in greek town. But this pizza was average at best. I think that the gluten free offerings are great but I really expected alot more. Great renovations btw the place looks amazing."
: "We went here a few weeks ago on the premiere weekend of Horrible Bosses.  Loved that movie!  \nMy wife wanted to come to a real movie theater that was more of a classic than one of these \"pick one of 30 small screens to watch\" types of theater, and this was a great choice!  The inside is HUGE, I heard the manager tell us as we waited in line \"There's no need to rush once the doors are opened, there are over 740 seats in there.\".\nInside is nothing fancy, nowhere near the classic look and feel of the Crest Theater down the street, but it did remind me of theaters I used to go to as a kid.\nSmall snackbar, typical high prices, oh and the weird thing is the bathrooms.  They only have one toilet so it can take a long time to get in and out.  I found this odd for such a huge theater.  There are more upstairs I am told but did not venture there.  \nI am a bit older so seeing a theater fill up with college kids, and loud ones at that, was great but had me a little worried at first because I hoped they would quiet down once the movie started.  They did.\nThe parking here is horrible, just to let you know in advance as I am sure many of you already do know.  Street parking, there are parking  lots, a little pricey and a walk away, but you are in \"the village\" so there is plenty to see and eat and walk around before or after the movie.\nGreat location, may be back someday."
: "One of the best nights of my life. Hands down.\n\nIt was just amazing... The amount of people that gathered all for the same thing, The music pumping through your body everywhere you walked, The day turned to night, and the fireworks that illuminated the sky as you danced without a care to the blissful beats of Deadmau5 and others. It was a night that I will never forget.\n\nYes, it was not perfect, but what event of that size ever has been. I mean you don't show up to the largest rave in america and not expect there to be a shit load of people there. The numbers have been increasing every year, so why would this one be any different? If not, it would only be even bigger, since the biggest rising dance artist of the year, and the biggest name in trance are headlining...\n\nAnd as for all that crap about fence jumping and people getting hurt, and that one girl even died!.. OK, my condolences go out to that girls family, having a death in the family is hard, i cant even imagine it being your child.... BUT you cannot blame her taking drugs on an event, any more than video-games for kids shooting other kids. Its their own ignorance and apathy. As for all those people who got hurt. More than likely their own fault. Some 250 out of 180,000 people messed up, and now theres this huge dim view on raves. Cause there have been less riots and fights due to hockey, or football, or basketball, etc. right? (note: sarcasm above)\n\nMy final word/opinion: Definitely the best massive I've ever been to. Just as good, if not better than last year! Can't wait for next year!"
: "We were served sweet biscuits after we ordered two of the Fried Shrimp Po' Boys and sipped on our Red Stripes.  \n\nThe Po' Boys were served a big roll with tasty  fries on the side (Good sized portions). I enjoyed both the sweet and peppery BBQ sauces on each of the tables.  \n\nI liked my experience at Rack & Soul, my only complaints are it's a bit pricey and it took over a week for my transaction to clear on my debit card... I don't know what was up with that."
: "The quesadillas were as good as I expected and my expectations were high for a place called the twisted taco. They have theme nights with djs blasting tunes and wisecracks. Although I wouldn't frequent the establishment every week, it was a pretty decent place to go."
: "Good knowledgable bike shop. Friendly helpful staff with a great selection of bikes."
: "Their website claims that they were named best Thai in NY state, including the city. That claim is definitely false, but they do make an effort. The food was some of the better Thai we've had on this trip... relatively authentic and definitely tasty, although lacking some flavor.\n\nBut the highlights for us were listening to the completely over-educated diners next to us (discussing world travels, of course) and watching our definitely-a-Cornell-student waitress clean tables and carry plates. I guess someone has to do it...."
: "I've stopped by a few times over the past 5 months, You'll certainly find quite a selection of Hot Dog and Burger options, you're bound to find something you'll like. \n\nI love the hawaiian bread twist to their dogs and burgers, love their tater tots, i'll be back for sure. \n\nNice clean environment, great service, if you love hot dogs and burgers like me this is a must."
: "Rivermill Tots:\nTots\nCheese\nBacon\nChives\nOnions\nServed with a side of ranch\n\nCan you possibly create a more delicious combination?  I dare you to try.  In the mean time, Rivermill Tots rule."
: "Actually for the small sizes this place is expensive and presentation of the dish was not good at all. Quite disappointing. Will not go back"
: "I decided to go here for a quick lunch so I went in around 1:15pm and ordered an omelet. I walked out 10 minutes later with the omelet, a handful of fries, and two pieces of buttered toast. The omelet plain is $4.95 and each topping is $0.55. I wouldn't say it was particularly good - it was exactly something I could have whipped up at home. My real gripe is that the guy didn't ask me if I wanted my toast buttered. I expected just some toasted bread that I would put jam on or something. But, out comes two slices of overly buttered toast; it was practically a butter sandwich.\n\nI guess that's my real problem with the place. It's set up like a diner but it doesn't have the diner atmosphere. A diner is supposed to be friendly and chatty but the employees didn't talk when I entered, ordered, or waited. It's also supposed to be bustling but the place, which is pretty small to start with, was practically empty at lunch hour. It was a diner without the appeal of one. Take that for what you will."
: "This place is like a yogurtland but with more toppings! The yogurt flavors they have are pretty unique, I had green apple tart and it was delicious! There were also many varieties of popping boba which is always awesome. Good for post dinner dessert!"
: "Great past; mediocre, dirty, unsafe present.\n\nIt would be great to see some resources allocated to cleaning this place up. so more people can visit it without having to fear for their safety. At least some great community events still take place here, like the daily Food Not Bombs meal. \n\nI agree with Meg T.: it's in your best interests not to sit on the grass."
: "I picked up my Gangsta Rap Coloring book a few months ago along with a mini-pin that says \"Let's Makeout.\" \n\nLet's not discuss how I have used either item."
: "YAY for Thank You Mart!!!! The first time I walked in I was overwhelmed with the music, brightly colored wigs, vintage clothes and other trinkets but I quickly adjusted to this amazing store and you can really find some great stuff there. I got a chinese paper lantern, rayban knockoffs, and many other things from this magic little place. Even if you don't buy anything the experience is great so I fully recommend it!\nOH YEAH EVERYTHING IS 3.99!"
: "Yummily filling breakfast tacos!  Their coffee and lunch offerings are also top notch.  For lunch, I especially hanker for the Thai grilled chicken salad.  I come here frequently because I work across the street, but I would come here anyway just because of the great food and reasonable pricing!"
: "EDIT (1/14/10):  ** They have raised their prices so now the regular order of a bulgogi sandwich is $5.95.  I've eaten at Espresso Experience for the last two years and the quality seems to have gone down while the prices have risen.  The bulgogi sandwich I had today barely had any meat in in.  While the bread is still nice and crispy,  the sandwich itself lacked it's old flavor and it didn't wow me as usual.  I probably won't be coming back anymore, the sandwich just isn't worth $6 when there are few ingredients and the meat is scant.    \n\nThe famous bulgogi sandwich is so good and cheap!  A regular order is only $4.80!  ** They have raised their prices so now the regular order is $5.95. ** The bread is also very crispy and just the right texture.  They serve coffee drinks and sushi here as well.  I have never tried the sushi but I've seen some very happy customers dig into them, the rolls look delicious.  Now they offer shaved ice and it is heavenly!  Bananas, strawberries, mango, grapes kiwi, mochi, red bean, cereal, and a scoop of ice cream  = very yummy!  The only negative would be that service is kind of slow, but then again that means they take their time with each order!  I got the shaved ice to go and it came in a HUGE container.  Totally awesome.  The owners are so so nice too.  I will be back for the sandwich though!"
: "LOVE LOVE LOVE this place!!! I used to work down the street and would frequent this place almost everyday!! I still work for the same company but in a different location and I tell all the noobs to go to Pinocchio's for the BEST SICILIAN PIZZA EVER!!!!"
: "Haven't been here in a few years, but definitely the best around."
: "Sometimes, I want it quick, cheap and easy. Wrapro is all three and here's how they pull it off:\n\n1. With the quickness: though they make each order right in front of you, it never seems to take more than a few minutes and I am promptly on my way out the door with my lunch in hand.\n\n2. On the cheap. For the most part, cheap makes a sacrifice of quality to some degree and Wrapro is no exception. The lamb is sometimes chewy and the pita they give with the hummus has been stale on more than one occasion. But for less than $7 and a ton of food, it's still a good deal.\n\n3. Easy - the menu is laid out is a simply manner and it's a few minutes walk from my house. Does not get easier than that@\n\nA few points of concern. I am one of those people who writes, in sharpie, \"Please See ID\" on the back of my cards. The man behind the counter once gave me a lecture about this. Dude, I just want some lunch, not a complete credit counseling sesh. Also, the last time I was in, I was given the wrong order and the woman helping me huffed, puffed and mumbled something, then proceeded to charge me the $1.25 difference in price. When I handed my card over (I rarely carry cash), she rolled her eyes and asked if I had any cash. Not the best customer service.\n\nI continue to grab lunch here on occasion, but I've set my expectations to a certain degree and now I am rarely disappointed by Wrapro."
: "I was required to give a star before posting......but this place is not even worth 1 star.  Absolutely the worst experience ever!  \n\nUpon arrival no one at Valet.\n \nNo visible signage- as where to check in.  Had to ask a bunch of teenagers laying all over the floor and couches where the front desk was.  No one available to help with luggage!\n\n Room was suppose to be king with sofa bed..............no sofa bed(two love seats) no available roll always.......no extra pillows or linens.....no other rooms available.....no where for my teenage daughter to sleep other than in a king bed with us.  \n\nRose at front desk not helpful at all!  Everyone else in Management off until Monday....no help to me, I was leaving on Sunday.  If it hadn't of been 11:45 at night I would have went and found a different hotel.\n\nRun, run far away!  Find somewhere else to stay......this place is not worthy of the Hilton name!"
: "Having gone to UNC, I've been to Topo on several occasions. Service is consistently bad, and the food is average. Do not order the Jambalaya, you're better off getting it from the hot bar at whole foods. \n\nAs for beers, get the old well white. You won't go wrong with that."
: "This is my favorite place to go for running gear.  They have a great selection of shoes, clothes and accessories, and the staff is really helpful.  One star off because, since they carry so many different types of workout apparel, they don't have as wide a selection of running gear as they could, but that's just my personal bias."
: "I work here, I play here. Never get tired of it, because there's always something new. Drive-in movie nights, soul night, local bands, gay/straight/everything in between night, incredible drinks (ask TD for a 'sunburst'), and a really welcoming atmosphere. There is one rule at ZuZu -- the awesome rule. Just be awesome, rad, etc, and you'll have a great time."
: "I don't have much of a review to offer as I only had a consultation.  Nevertheless I will provide information on that.\n\nI learned about Dr. Tobinick via a Youtube video his office uploaded.  I made an appointment for a free consultation; his office is in the UCLA medical plaza  They had me first watch a video detailing his unique procedure which, he claims, will eliminate pain associated with a herniated disc (in about 70% of patients).\n\nI have a herniated disc in my neck.  The pain is much less than it was a year ago, but still I have pain every day and so I'd like to have my condition corrected.  I only take Aleve or aspirin on \"bad days.\"  I didn't see Dr. Tobinick but rather one of his associate MD's - Dr. Reyzin.  The staff said Dr. Tobinick was in Florida.\n\nAnyway, Dr. Reyzin said I was a candidate for this procedure.  The next step would be to schedule a complete examination and physical test - cost $300.00.  The procedure then costs $3,000.00 - $5,000.00.  That's a lot for a 10 minute procedure but if it works it would be worth it.  I have health insurance and I'll have to see if they'll cover this.\n\nI came home and tried to find some negative (or positive) info about Dr. Tobinick on the web; I couldn't find much of either.  I'll keep searching.  I'll update this review if I decide to have this procedure done.  My gut feeling tells me something is not right with regard to Dr. Tobinick's claims.  If 70% of patients had their pain eliminated, wouldn't every spine doctor be performing this procedure?  Or perhaps, maybe the procedure works but after several months to a year, the pain comes back (which is typically what happens when steroids are injected into a herniated disc)."
: "When it comes to Thai food in the University District, all signs seem to point exclusively to Thai Tom. I don't know why, but people really make a big deal about this place. Best Thai food in Seattle? Maybe if all the more spacious and comfortable ones in the area are somehow inferior. That's not to say this place is anything short of excellent, or that I doubt in its ability to stand up to the competition. The food here is simply outstanding. Whether it's a better Thai restaurant than all the other ones in town is another question, but what is certain is that you really can't go wrong with any money spent here.\n\nBecause I knew how popular this place is and how limited the seating would be, I anticipated it getting full shortly after opening. I stood outside and waited until 11:30 AM with a handful of other eager customers. By 11:35, nearly every seat was taken. It was then that I realized I was dealing with serious business. While I was lucky enough to be seated, I saw the waiter turn away a few people and ask them to come back later because there just wasn't enough space to accomodate them. I don't know whether to be impressed by that, but if they're so successful, I wonder why they can't afford to get a bigger place.\n\nThe place itself, if the other reviews haven't made it obvious by now, is constantly busy and crowded. It looks old, worn out, and generally unpleasant. But it's a restaurant and not a museum where you marvel at artwork. The air here is pretty much always thick with the smell of delicious fried food. The kitchen isn't in its own separate room way in the back and out of the public eye; the cooks make your food right in front of your eyes. Consequently, it can also get rather hot, especially if you sit by the fires. But all this food is definitely worth the trouble. No matter how long you have to wait, you can be entertained by the aroma of other customers' meals and the display of the food being made.\n\nSince so much of the fun of eating here comes from watching the cooks make everything, I'd suggest getting one of the seats at the counter near the front of the restaurant, kind of in the corner. It's a spectacular display, although not as ostentatious as teppanyaki. The cooks' hands move with astounding speed. They'll grab from the ingredients around them, crack eggs single-handedly, and noisily clatter the woks around as they perform all their cooking in a seemingly effortless manner. It's nice being able to see exactly how all this food is prepared, especially if it's obvious that it's being done by people who clearly have a lot of experience.\n\nThe menu here is something of an oddity. Instead of the usual thin and light paper menus, the ones here appear to be entirely painted on wooden planks. My first instinct was actually to take it as a joke, but I realize that it may have been a stylistic choice. I suppose they're really going for that authentic Thai feel here. From the rather brief list of hardly more than thirty items, I ordered the Phad Thai for $7.50. This restaurant is supposedly top-tier, but I wanted to get the most basic dish before venturing onward to their more \"specialized\" delicacies. I got it with chicken and three stars on the spicy scale from one to five.\n\nAlthough there was quite a long queue of customers who had already placed their orders before I could get a chance to, it's almost not a concern because it was such a delight watching the guy cooking the meals jump from making one person's dish to another. It's amazing how he never seemed to mess up, too. On numerous occasions, it looked like he was stirring the food too carelessly and would make a mess, but he always seemed to catch it in his wok. The show had an almost mesmerizing quality to it. I don't know why I get such a kick out of watching one person multitask so efficiently. It's an entirely missed opportunity if you get seated at one of the tables to the side, away from where all the action is taking place. For this reason, I would not recommend coming here with too large and cumbersome of a group. Either way, it's quite possible to get seated right next to a complete stranger here.\n\nMy much-awaited lunch arrived with the chicken Phad Thai on one side of a long bowl, a clump of white rice occupying the other side, and a wedge of lime adjacent to all this. Sizzling in front of me, it looked and smelled like quite a feast, although I couldn't help but notice that it was... disappointingly small. To be fair, it was a very inexpensive dish, but insufficient as a whole meal for a voracious eater like me. All petty complaints, because the food itself was without a doubt among the best of Thai cuisine I've ever experienced. A sweet taste was dominant with this Phad Thai; I guess they had skimped on the spiciness, but I won't hold it against them. I may have exaggerated the flaws, but they're all insignificant when you consider that this is just about as close to perfection for Thai food in Seattle to feasibly reach."
: "Sooooo incredibly awesome. The food is outstanding! Their prices are fair and actually very cheap compared to Thai Palace. The staff is polite, friendly, and efficient. I'm never disappointed. My boyfriend and I go here at least once a month... sometimes more. Thai Classic is truly a gem in SLO."
: "If you are going to KAMS, you should know what you are going to be getting into. Like everyone else said, wasted freshmen, disgusting bathrooms, bad smells. Recently voted as the best place in Champaign-Urbana to have a one night stand. So, if you know what are getting into, and want a night of debauchery, it gets five stars. If not, one star."
: "Suffering the same fate as Magnolia. Bad service. Seems some Austin, Texas locations think they can survive on reputation alone. When it takes over a half hour to get a drink I\"m pretty peeved. When it takes them over a half hour to get my credit card back to me I'm upset. When the waiter comments on my zero tip and acts suprised I get pissed. It's simple folks bad service equals no tip. Problem is the only thing consistent about Spider House is the bad service."
: "came back. It was basically the same as last time, except my lemonade was more sour and the crust was crunchier. Still no major complaints, though, and I would still recommend this place."
: "I have been going here for over 10 years and it never gets old! I love the Falafel sandwich and also order the tabula salad that is tangy and fresh . If you are in the area you owe it to your taste buds to come on in ."
: "This place is pretty dear to me. I'm a regular here, and for a good reason. Many good reasons actually. \n\nOne of its best qualities is how late they serve food until - Midnight every night. And their late night menu is not your usual bar fare. Everything from great munchies in the appetizer section to full salads, burgers, and veggie lasagna. Of course you can also score the Fries for the Boys, Nachos, Quesadilla, et al.\n\nThey have live music Thursday, Friday, and Saturday. Sometimes Sunday and Monday too. My favorite nights are Thursday for the great jazz bands and Sundays when they feature a solo pianist. Food in front, beer in hand... Nothin' better.\n\nThe food is amazing - gourmet quality and an excellent selection. Especially for someone who leans toward vegetarian, but they don't discriminate. Some of my favorites include:\n-The Breakfast Burrito, a more-than-hearty package of potato, eggs, and cheese. Comes with salsa. Perfect for a Saturday morning with a Bloody Mary, or any other time of any other day (it's on the late night menu!). I usually add avocado. Classic.\n-The Dijon Chicken, creamy, savory completely satisfying. Sub the chicken for tofu if that's your thing.\n-The Veggie Burger. Or the Eggplant Burger. Or any burger really. So good. \n-The Taco Salad. It's hearty, it's pretty healthy, and it's so so good.\n-The desserts! Bread Pudding, Vegan Chocolate Cake, Mocha Torte especially. Ask for some of Dr. Bob's ice cream on the side! Expletive, that is incredible.\n\nDrink selection is pretty killer too. They have monthly special martinis, but I usually go for their great beer selection.\n-Dale Bros beer! Not only is it local to Upland, but the beer is so good! I've made many converts to their brews, from the classic Pomona Queen to their special brews like the incredible California Black Beer.\n-Chimay White, and cheaper than it is at The Back Abbey a few blocks down.\n-Wine Wednesday. Speaks for itself.\n\nObviously I love the place, and am friendly with much of the staff. But I'm trying to write an honest, helpful review. I hope that comes across.\n\nI'm sad to see that some people have had some bad experiences, especially Mister X (I don't totally agree with all of Molly Z's review, if they run out of stuff it's because they purchase local, they're not a \"wine restaurant\" they are a restaurant, they don't have tablecloths at the bar tables, etc. - none of that is unreasonable). There's no denying that they had some bad experiences though.\n\nAnd that's a shame. The place is a rare combo of excellent food, drink, and culture. I hope those reviewers can take some solace in that the restaurant takes those critiques and any other comments they get very seriously, and work to improve the place and their service, as any good restaurant should. So some good comes out of that. Shame it had to go down this way.\n\nIt's worth seeing for your self. It really is."
: "Ben told me about this place being under construction months ago, and I drove by EVERY FREAKING DAY for the past month waiting for it to open. Seriously. It's right down the street from my office and I had never had Korean bbq before, so I was super-excited to try it.\n\nThere was a preview dinner (to which I was not invited - the nerve of those people!) two Saturdays ago that I saw going on as I drove by, to my great chagrin. As upset as I was, I was also thrilled that it would finally be open. Except that Monday, when I drove over, it was closed again. WTF?!?\n\nThey finally opened on Wednesday, so Ben and I made plans to have lunch there on Friday. My enthusiasm was dampened a bit by Jenny's review, but I saw on Chowhound that you could get kimchi if you asked and that the spicy chicken was pretty tasty.\n\nBen ordered the bulgogi and I ordered the spicy chicken. You get to pick two panchan dishes; we both got the spicy cucumbers but I ordered the sesame broccoli and Ben ordered the Asian potato salad. I liked the spicy cucumbers more than he did, but then again, my mom doesn't make these for me on request. The potato salad had onions in it, so I didn't try it, but Ben said it was just okay. The sesame broccoli was extremely bland and the stalks were somehow...flaccid. Ugh.\n\nThe spicy chicken was decent, though not that spicy; the flavor profile was pretty good but it just needed a little extra oomph. The bulgogi was underspiced and a little fatty. Oh, we did get kimchi, though ODDLY ENOUGH, they asked Ben if he wanted it and not me. I was insulted; I could be Asian, too! I have totally passed for Filipina before. Anyhow, I ran back to the cashier and asked to have some added to my order. It was not bad, though a little extra-fermenty to my tastebuds. Ben said it tasted like it came from a jar.\n\nOn the bright side, the place is really nicely decorated and they serve Diet Coke."
: "The Bridge is a pretty interesting Theater. My friends actually got married in one of the Movie rooms, had a reception in the bar area, which later extended into the Rotunda. The seats there are really nice and the place is clean. Its a good place to see the latest Blockbuster. I applied to work there when it first opened up, but they wouldn't hire me because of my tattoo."
: "Very mediocre bubble tea.  If you are a regular partaker of this drink AND you're on the Ave, you're better served hitting one of the other places on the street.  There are tons of bubble tea shops on the Ave.  \n\nI had Thai Tea on ice with bubbles and pudding for about $4 - fairly  watered down taste and barely any pudding.  My home girl had Lavender tea with bubbles and pronounced it \"subtle but good\", not overpowering. \n\nThey no longer carry froyo - so don't get your heart set on it here.\n\nWe came here to check it out, compare to others in the area, and we chose Pochi because it advertised crepes and other snacks.  Don't bother.  Takoyaki and fried tofu (both $3.50) were okay.  The takoyaki was better than the tofu, but it was only 4 pieces.  You could probably squeeze the tofu and get a good amount of oil out of each cube.  We got a bad vibe walking in, and frankly I'm glad we didn't bother with crepes.  If you must - just know they have common Japanese flavours, both sweet and savory, and they are about $5.\n\nThe interior was a little scattered, typical of hangouts around college campuses.  I wouldn't bother."
: "Definitely not a place I would return.  Cute bartenders but horrible food.  The burger looked like it had some how come out of a tube and then sliced into patties.  Gross to say the least. When I told my a friend where I had gone they asked my opinion on the pizza, which I did not have.  So maybe this is a pizza place only but I'm not a fan of the deep dish Chicago style any way. The place really reminded me of an applebee's, or perkins, or any other restaurant like those."
: "Went here after the Yelp Elite event last night...this was an old haunt for the bf who used to live in H Sq. I had heard various things about it from him and others, and so the anticipation and expectations were built up. \n\nCambridge 1 did not disappoint in the least. \n\nWe only had to wait a few minutes for a table, during which we ordered beer (yesss, wachusett bberry) and munched on those awesome breadsticks (what is that little kick? It's incredible!) Once we sat down, our waitress immediately recognized my bf, and vice versa - he used to be a regular back in the day. I always give bonus points for places that remember customers...that whole Cheers dynamic (the show, not the stupid bar in Fanueil). \n\nWe each ordered halves, since he wanted pepperoni and I wanted to try a veg one. They came out in a timely fashion (not busy) and we were both in heaven before long. I got the tomatoes onions cheeses one, and the onions were carmelized...best way ever to eat onions! The crust was super thin, but had a lot of gooey flavor and was crispy too. I thought it was bigger than I needed for that night, but the bf ate every last bite of his (side note: I have never seen such large pepperoni pieces in my life). Looking around, the salads looked awesome as well and I was sad I had munched away so much at the event beforehand to enjoy one of those too. \n\nThis is also a great date place, as evidenced by the 73 dates going on around us. I know this isn't our last date here, that's for damn sure!! \n\nXOX Cambridge 1. I heart you!"
: "Better pizza than we expected.  Certainly not gourmet but significantly better than any of the chains and definitely satisfied my craving for a good pizza.  Love how the pizza pan has bubbles that allows for no soggy pizza.  Lively atmosphere with a younger crowd--good if you want an active evening.  The buffalo wings were ok, could be a little crispier, otherwise you start tasting the fatty skin more, but maybe that's your cup of tea.  I would give it a 3.5 =D"
: "Nice place to shop/waste time at. It's just like Spencer's but with better lighting."
: "I was recommended to Upstairs on the Square as a place to take my mom while we were in Boston.  It was a great suggestion and we both liked it.  Great decor, view, etc, but we didn't love it.\nI wanted to have the 3 course menu ($20 at lunch), but the main dish was spare ribs, which I can't stand, so I just had the soup.  It was a pumpkin soup with pumpkin seeds on top and pumpkin crispy things.  While good, not worth $10.  The dish was very shallow, and I really don't think any soup is worth $10.  My mom had the salmon with couscous which was around $16.  She thought it was good, but lacking in flavor.\nThe problem I had with Upstairs, besides being overpriced, was I felt I didn't belong.  It was a Monday afternoon, but I felt under dressed (it was cold, I had a puffy vest on ok), and out of place.  The guys sitting directly behind me were obvious intellectuals who have to talk just loud enough so everyone can hear their conversation and know how smart they are.  Also, someone, who I believe to be the manager/owner was walking around to several tables talking to them about their meals (which I find a bit odd for lunch?) and completely skipped over our table, even after catching my eye.  I don't know, just not my scene for a relaxed lunch with good food, too uptight."
: "I was pretty thrilled to see that a shabu spot was coming to town. A current favorite is Shabu-Zen, in Chinatown, which serves as a comparison and benchmark for Shabu Square.\nThe Edamame was overpriced at $6, and as such was skipped. Straight to the meal, please. I ordered the D5 beef, the lowest tier of beef on the menu. The thinking was as a direct comparison to Shabu-Zen - their lowest-quality beef is quite good. Shabu Square's beef offering was $1 cheaper, but for the quality, it should have been a bit less. A very unappealing cut of meat, chewy when cooked, and with little flavor. \nThe noodles were fatter than I've had elsewhere, which was a plus, and the vegetable plate was quite nice, missing only some tofu options.\nThe dessert was a thai custard, which was served with two pieces of white bread. Wonder Bread, rather. A very unappealing presentation, but the custard was quite delicious.\n\nThe service, Im happy to say, was excellent - I never felt like people were hovering over, waiting to refill my water every time I took a sip, and I also was never put out for want of service. \n\nIn all, I think you'd do better with the higher-end offerings. The service was quite good, but the decor was a bit off (posters of alaskan tundra and caribbean beaches? errrrrr...). \n\nIn all, decent if you're craving shabu, but don't skimp on what you order. I think with a bit of fine-tuning, this place could really be something special, just not yet."
: "Best tried so far in the Bay Area.Not cheap, but you get what you paid for.You`ll look pretty good to take your date out there.Nice location,modern,fairly new,plenty of parking (street + a lot across the street).Salad bar`s nice ,clean and inviting.I`d go back if really hungry for meat, since there are some pieces that you just can`t say no to....\nForget about prior to the dinner`s dreams that you`ll eat all their meat.After 4-5 pieces, you`re almost done, hence unless you`re really killing for a lot of meat,it`s kind`of waste of money at $44/head (Rodizio)."
: "This location of Sura is not nearly as spectacular as the one in Johnston. Mostly because the one in Johnston actually has the grill at your table.\n\nThat being said, everything else about this restaurant is pretty decent. I've had everything here from the sushi to the bulgogi. Their special rolls are interesting and rather different. I'm pretty sure they're one of the few places in the area that has a sweet potato roll (yum).\n\nCompared to my go-to sushi place though, it can't really compare but if I'm in the Downcity area, it's a decent place for a quick sushi fix.\n\nMy favorite thing to get here is the spicy pork bulgogi. They don't have grills at each table, which kinda takes away from the Korean BBQ experience but when the bulgogi came out, it was just as tasty.\n\nEverything about the restaurant is decent. The service is nice and I think the location is AWESOME. \n\nOverall, I'd come back here for my Korean fix since I don't want to drive all the way to Johnston every time I need some bulgogi in my belly."
: "Sockos = best subs that I have ever had. I usually get the vegetarian one with pesto and avocado on a french roll and it is delicious. Fresh, crisp, cool and the french roll is just to die for. It has just the right amount of crispness on the outside, but still really soft and delicious.\n\nThe price isn't bad for what you get and they're really friendly.\n\nOnly down side: Didn't exactly like when the guy delivered it and had to dig through the trash to find the order slip, and that the car absolutely reeked of cigarette smoke. But still, sandwich tastes amazing as always."
: "The only difference between this original spot and the one up the road about 5 blocks on the Drag is the inconvenience. Being located inside Dobie mall, it definitely has a very jail-like feel to it... the lighting in Dobie and even in its dining hall just exerts some odd depressive feeling.\n\nThere is something very comforting about VERTS. It offers the same things we know and love: customization of our \"deli\" style items where we act like we know the best combinations i.e. Subway and lots of meat. And carbs. It is not too ethnic where the sandwich only comes in one fashion. It is just ethnic enough to provide that bit of unique flavor i.e. lamb.\n\nThe sauces are assuredly quite good. The spicy red is a creamy zippy one, and the vinaigrette offers a bit more richness than most oil and vinegar types, so as to provide the best dipping for the nooks and crannies found in your kebap. They pile on the goodies to excess, to boot.\n\nI don't know how they are making it in a college town by selling light non-wraps... pita pit has pitas, and which wich has wiches, but Kebap's are their own animal. It almost reminds of a gordita of some sort. Quite good; get here."
: "This is one of my favorite places to go because it's good Chinese food, which is rare to find in the bay area! I graduated in May but if I remember correctly, #74 (crispy noodle with chicken/beef/shrimp) and #77 (creamy corn sauce with fish) are really good. Service is pretty good too, the guy's really nice. It's cash only though.\n\nThe dishes here are worth the money because they serve a huge portion. For example, if you spent $7 on a dish, you can eat it for lunch and save it for dinner. That's a whole days worth of meals! The reason I give it 4 stars is because it's a bit too salty/greasy at times..but that's the price you pay for eating out! ha.."
: "The ABC Burger was a good one and the fries were addicting however I'm glad that it didn't cost more than $10 per person.\nIt was bustling with College kids all ready for some cheap grub."
: "I've been meaning to drop in and try their sweets.  So I've read the other reviews, and I'm not sure if the cakes are made from scratch, a box, or what, but I will say the staff working on Saturday September 12, 2009 at about 9:00 PM were friendly, attentive, and very helpful.  \nI had a red velvet brownie/cheesecake combo.......and mmmm.  My partner had a chocolate brownie, and MMMMMMMM.\n\nWe had coffee and cake and loved it.  We'll be back.  The cake prices are fairly competitive, and lots of people were coming in picking up cakes, and from what I saw they were beautiful.  Not sure how they tasted, but we'll be back and will up date more information here.\n\nThe decor is cute.  I am so glad they're here!  Their website is full of information and is also a good place to visit for more information."
: "come here for the shaved ice, bulgogi (SO GOOD) sandwich, and spicy chicken sandwich...you won't regret it!"
: "I was REALLY disappointed!  The food was ok, but what really got me was that the hot chocolate I ordered was apparently made with instant powder...it was lukewarm and had little lumps of powder floating on the surface."
: "New contender for fastest lunch at UCLA. These rice bowls aren't memorable or healthy, but Yoshinoya is gourmet dining compared to most of the options on campus. \n\nTip: Ask for extra beef juice. Your rice will taste extra delicious."
: "I went back because I was hungry in the basement of Evans and I wasn't in the mood for Top Dog. This time I around I knew what I was doing so ordering was a little easier. Also, after my first review, the owner e-mailed me and apologized about the staff issue. I did appreciate the gesture so that kind of gave them a bonus in my opinion too.\n\nStill, a four is what they get because of their prices. It's pretty average for restaurants near campus and they are pretty generous with the food portions. However, it's not something you might want to stop by at more than twice every three weeks (maybe that's just the broke college student in me)."
: "i've tried alot of fro-yo, from berkeley to seattle, I think this has the best original fro-yo. It doesn't have other flavors like it's counterparts but the original has the special tangy taste that mimics the yogurt drinks very well. \n\nSo far I haven't found any other place that has a better tangy taste.\n\nOther reviewers has mentioned that the guy working there is stingy and bias. Yes its true, he gives me the same feelings. He acts like he's counting how much fruit he is putting in your cup. But he has hired someone new and she's very nice. Hopefully she'll be working when you get there. haha"
: "This review is strictly for the manicurist hired by Adolf Biecker.  I love their haircuts, but when I got a manicure and pedicure I was appalled.  I am a highly forgiving person when it comes to mani pedi's, but this one was insulting.  The quality of the nail polish was very weak (streaky, uneven, thin despite 3 coats) and I had to ask to get the dirt taken out from under my nails.  Even still, I asked if I could give it a go myself since none of the dirt was removed and it was still visible through the polish (and I don't have especially dirty nails, I promise).  \n\nI am writing this review to advise people not to make the same mistake I did.  I felt so ripped off and shocked that Adolf Biecker would hire someone whose commitment to quality was nonexistent."
: "Stopped over here for coffee one morning with my husband on a recent trip to SLO.  Really good quality coffee, cool art, and friendly service.  We chatted with the barista about the gallery, and she was very upbeat and knowledgeable.  I wish we had a place like where we live!"
: "This place is AWESOME!\n\nWhen my friend and I decided to explore Urbana, we really had little to no expectations as we had always considered Urbana kind of a ghost town.  When venturing around Lincoln Square Mall, we came upon this neat little shop with a wide array of unique kitchenware and ingredients you'd be hard pressed to find in even the most metropolis of cities, office supplies, clothing, jewelery, toys, miscellaneous (yet AWESOME) gift items, fresh cookies(!!!), just really really neat stuff!\n\nWe probably spent more than an hour looking at each and every little item in the store, and imagined how we would furnish our home with it.  \n\nThis is one place I would recommend everyone check out at least once in their college career.  I don't know how else to explain it other than... AWESOME!"
: "Utopia on SATURDAY night (also known as the Sol Fusion event hosted by J.Carter of Sugarhill and Marco of Marcos Pitas on Ponce) was FAR more than I bargained for. I'm SO not the \"clubbing\" type, but I don't mind dancing from time to time. So I'm invited out for a 30+ B-day celebration and am SO pleasantly surprised. For the \"non club\" type like myself, there are OPTIONS!!!! OK, on the first floor, it's more like a restaurant, but the dj (salah ananse) spins house. Then downstairs has more of a lounge-feel, and the djs spin 80's music. (let me just insert that the restrooms are QUITE innovative... check out the one downstairs if you get the chance)... i have a thing with clean, well-designed restrooms in restaurants/lounges... Anywho, back to the important stuff... In the \"club\" room, there are 2 privacy suites, but other than that, it's wide open with a cool dj set-up. So for my set of friends, this outlet was perfect b/c we could spend time in each area to equally satisfy the preferences of all of us. And I tasted a drink called the Buttery Nipple and it was delish. I didn't eat any food, so I can't vouch for it, but I will say that the ambiance was QUITE enjoyable... this event targets the 25-30+ crowd... so no \"music video\" attire!!! :-)... and oh yeah, it's FREE before a certain time. I think 10 or 11..."
: "My friend read great reviews about this restaurant on Yelp so we decided to check it out on a Friday evening. We made a reservation and arrived on time, however, the hostess had us wait a while before she sat us. We were running on a tight schedule so that's why we figured a reservation would keep us on track. The place was not busy so I'm not sure what the hold up was.\n\nI ordered chicken breast stuffed with cheese, mushroom, and spinach and my friend ordered a skirt teak with chimichurri. I really enjoyed my dish, lots of flavor and a satisfying portion. I tasted my friend's steak and I liked it but it does not compare to my uncles cooking. He's from Argentina and invites me over for churrascos all the time. For dessert we ordered a crepe filled with dulce de leche, that was pretty darn delicious.\n\nThe staff was super friendly, our waiter was a pleasure and very attentive. I had a great dining experience. Dinner was a bit on the pricey side but the quality is good."
: "Today was a great day to stroll outside since it was sunny and just a little \"nippy\" with the cool wind blowing. A friend and I were strolling around University Village and went into Crate and Barrel for her to find a gift for a wedding. This is one of my top favorite household/furnishing stores.   I love receiving their seasonal catalogs almost as much as the big phone-book size IKEA catalog.  When I receive it I like to close my eyes and picture my place looking just as comfy and inviting as their model rooms not to mention as spotless.  They have affordable houseware items.  I have purchased my dishes, silverware, glasses and placemats from this store as well as various vases and decorative bowls.  I like their items because they can be unique but also classic so you don't have to replace them every couple of years or so.  With the glassware just be careful since some of them tend to be a little more fragile then others if the glass is very thin.  I wish I could afford their furniture as well but alas it was not meant to be this last year but there is still hope for 2008.  I got my eye on one of their dining rooms sets. Santa had said there was no room in the sleigh for it but I told him this year there is definitely room for a gift card there."
: "Been here THREE times. Tony is the BEST WAITER. Kelly is good TOO!\n\nRecommended COURSE: SPINACH ARTICHOKE. MELTING POT house salad. French quarter or pacific rim. FLAMING TURTLE.\n\nOut of Court Bouillon, Mojo, and Coq Au Vin, I prefer COURT BOUILLON the most.\n\nBill comes out to be $90 to $120. EXTREMELY romantic. For reservation, request for seating in LOVER's LANE. \n\nPark in the Marriott bottom floor for that FREE 3 HOUR PARKING (make sure to let your waiter/waitress validate your parking).\n\nThey do not serve BREAKFAST or LUNCH. Would COME AGAIN. FONDUE style means essentially dipping your FOOD into a steaming pot with various ingredients."
: "I had the fried shrimp tacos and they were wonderful and a bargain at the price. Our waiter was Titus and he was very attentive and professional. Expensive margarita however they were good and strong. A very enjoyable experience and I'll definitely go again."
: "I visited Pasadena for the first time and tried looking for places to eat.. I was hungry and didnt really want to be adventurous so my first meal in Pasadena was Panda Express. The food was good, the employees are nice, and they pack your to-go container with loads of food. The place is bigger than other Panda locations that I've been to so people are not bunched into one little room. I thought it was interesting that they sell beer.. the only place I've seen a Panda Express w/ beer was in Vegas. Parking is plentiful, but can be difficult during lunch time since the whole lot is shared by a handful of other stores."
: "I  think this place is a hoot!  I picture the old Harvard guys going out Teddy Roosevelt style and bagging all of these exotic animals and somehow getting them back to Oxford St.  The shabbiness of the animals, old glass and wood cases and overall atmosphere add to it's charm.  I thought my young nephew would love it, but think it may be too low tech for many kids."
: "I have only been here for dinner, I have never had the buffet.  All of my experiences have been positive so far.\n\nI usually order the coconut curry chicken with the basil and garlic naan bread - it's AMAZING.  The rice is seasoned with fresh ingredients; last time, the rice even had whole cinammon sticks in it!  \n\nI would eat here more often if it weren't so expensive.  However, if you are a UT student, there is usually a coupon on the web for a buy one entree and get the second half off...that way the prices are more reasonable as long as you bring a friend/date.\n\nGET THIS - last time I went, I accidently left my credit card with the bill.  The waitress was kind enough to come running after me (yes, she even crossed Guadalupe during rush hour) to stop me and return the card before I got into my car!!!  Extra karma points for her."
: "Looks like someone needs to set the record straight on the Press. Its a classy joint with an eclectic crowd ranging from local college professors, students, blacks, whites and the occasional bro entourage wandering in from Rancho/Upland (and their numbers are definitely increasing, I'm guessing a few of the negative reviewers may be of this persuasion).\n\nI should say also though I've frequented the Press with regularity now for a few years, its always been a night spot. For the majority of its patrons, the Press is a bar that happens to serve food. \n\nFor this reason I suppose I can't say much to the negative reviews about the service. I just have never gone in there wanting or expecting a welcome wagon when I walk in the door nor a big corporate lapdog of a server. The Press is old school, the servers allow you the space to enjoy your meal and company without rushing. \n\nI will agree with those who have complained about the door, as they have had some atrociously dim and rude doormen in the past. Whatever, isn't that what a doorman is, a professional douche?\n\nNow on to the food and drink. Like most Claremont stops neither are what you would call cheap, though if you are more of a beer or wine person you don't have to spend much (especially on 1/2 priced wine bottle wedensdays). They always have a Dale Brothers or two tap which is great and a respectable though pretty standard selection otherwise. The food is good, with the majority of the choices being lite and fresh. I just had the Mahi Mahi tacos last night and they were great albeit admittedly a little dry, but the salsa took care of that.\n\nIt also hosts live music many nights out of the week, in my opinion its biggest weakness, as the majority of the local acts are pretty bad. \n\nUntil the emergence of the Hip-Kitty, the Abbey, and some of the newer places in Pomona, The Press really was an oasis amidst the dessert in terms of its uniqueness in the bar scene. So to all of you complaining about the \"pseudo-intellectual\" crowd (because it makes sense to call grad students psuedo intellectual), you know the High-Brow is just up the street and they're probably wandering where you are."
: "This is the only place in Texas that carries the Floris of London line of gentlemen toiletries.   Nice people, lots of stuff.. will be back again."
: "FOOD REVIEW (NOT DANCING)\n\nThe Globe rated Middlesex's burger one of the best burgers in town last year.  Apparently it's on a ciabatta roll and it's off the hook.  It's the place's main attraction besides the DJ/dance club atmosphere they have nightly.\n\nWent the other day and you know what?  This ciabatta roll burger was off the hook and was one of the best I've ever had.  I'm not even kidding.\n\nThis place smells of beer and sweaty dancing...But I'll tell you that they serve a mean burger.  It's cheap - only $9 and it comes with chips.  Too bad they don't do the roasted potatoes that Miracle of Science does (they actually share a basement kitchen, FYI).\n\nI'll be back for more burgers.  And possibly some dancing late night."
: "Try her Banana Bread! Holy shizzle. Girl can cook. She's a little sassy which is fun. Overall the best experience possible!"
: "Bad! Worst dining experience!\n\nWe had a reservation for my girlfriends birthday party for 15 people. The guest arrived at our reserved time of 7:30 and there were still people at our table. They said we had to wait until they were done eating before we could sit down and did not offer another table. We had to be forcefull to get another table when it was almost 8:00pm. After we had sat down they waited 20 minutes before they even took our drink order.\n\nWe asked an employee about speeding up ordering and dinner and he said he would get someone. A waiter walked over and asked us if we needed a table ( even though we literally just stood up from one 10 feet away from him). We told him we asked to speak to a manager and he said \"oh just bothering the sushi chef huh? Great\" \n\nWe proceeded to walk out. All 15 of us and not one person tried to stop us or ask what was going on. Needless to say I will never go there again."
: "One of the few bars, seemingly, in America where people can smoke inside.  It's a fun place - darts and KARAOKE!  Just be warned that this place can get smokey.  Not a place to hang all night... stop in a grab a beer before hitting other places on Ellsworth."
: "This place does not need a long review.  Get in line (it moves fast), order a tri-tip sandwich, a basket of fries, a side of ranch, and an extra side of barbecue sauce.  DO NOT skip the tri-tip sandwich.  I seriously believe that it might be the best beef sandwich in the world...yes, the world.  I want one right now."
: "I don't understand all the hype about this place. It's old and you have to cram in. They have THE worlds smallest bathroom. Had a burger, I'd get a thicker patty at McDonald's! Only thing I liked was the French fries."
: "Coming from California, this is the first place my hosts took me to try Texas BBQ as they say it's one of the best around.  I think they're right.  The servers give you a lot of food and all the meats are flavorful and savory.  I'll definitely come back here again when I'm in town."
: "I LOVE this place. I'm a north campus major and I live in Palms, so I usually have no business what-so-ever to be by Ackerman. But, there's something about those Udon noodles (subbed with the lemon chicken broth and extra seaweed) that lures me that way. It's so light and filling! LOVE it!"
: "Rynae has been cutting my hair for over 12 years, and she is the best.  Value for money, hands down, World Cuts is the place to get your hair cut for under $20.  There's nothing cheap about the quality or breadth of services, it's really only the cost that she keeps low.  \n\nRynae is one of the friendliest business owners you'll ever meet, and she always makes time for anyone who steps foot in her salon.  \n\nThis place gets busy though (with reason), so I'd recommend coming in no later than 11AM Mon - Sat if you want to avoid the wait.  \n\nAs a bonus - she validates parking in the nearby lot on Durant, so no need to circle around looking for street spots ever..."
: "Went here with a friend a few weeks ago.\n\nWas blown away by all of the little sweets they have here. Really has a great mom & pop vibe.\n\nHad the Elvis ice cream. The King would have loved it (banana ice cream with peanut butter swirls) and so did I.\n\nOne word of warning: GET THE JUNIOR SIZE. They fill the cup and then put another scoop on top of it, so you're probably getting 2-3 scoops worth of ice cream in it."
: "I love this place.  Pod was one of my favorite restaurants to go to in Philly and is a great place to take out of town friends.  The martinis are all very tasty and reasonably priced.  The sushi is a little expensive, but is extremely good.  I also really enjoyed the salads and soups here.  They have a conveyor belt sushi bar where you can sit and pick individual rolls as they move by.  \n\nThe vibe there is really great - they have rooms that light up in different colors and generally your table/chairs have lights in them as well.  There is usually Cowboy Bebop or something similar playing on the TV behind the sushi bar and they have great happy hour specials.\n\nIt sometimes gets overrun with Penn students, but if you call ahead and make a reservation you won't have to worry about waiting very long.  The only downside is parking nearby which can be difficult, particularly on the weekends."
: "Dr. Alan Wittgrove saved my life!  His team, Tracy, are all remarkable people!  This Bariatric Center is only place you can come & not be told \"Sorry we don't know what is wrong with you\"  go for another test, and another test.  This Dr. can take you into surgery, fix someones mistake, put you back together the right way!  PLUS, the support group once month is FREE, they do this as part of living & leading a  righteous life.  Following the change of life, changed my life & I am over 10 years, doing well, & so thankful for Dr. Wittgrove & Tracy for saving my life!\nLoreen"
: "I was really impressed with the service provided by Burden Busters.  Not only were my offices professionally maintained, but this is the first company that stands behind their satisfaction guaranteed policy.  unbeknownst  to me, the owner of the company came out to personally survey the services rendered.  Workers were always on time and polite.  Being a former Marine, I was utterly impressed and overwhelmed with their personal appearance. \n\nKeep up the good work,\n\nLivingston's Auto Glass"
: "Carvel ice cream is always very nice - rich and creamy soft serve. I swear they've got something magical in those machines.\n\nBut, it's not something I go out of my way for. Carvel is a bit pricier than your average ice cream (with good reason, don't get me wrong, like I said thems is some tasty cones), but if I'm in the area on a hot day and want ice cream, Carvel is my likeliest choice."
: "Concluded my week long stay in SD with two nights here. Alyssa was extremely helpful and answered any questions I had. The room was very spacious. They also honored my request to have extra pillows and towels there upon check in. Having 7 pillows on a king sized bed all to yourself is great! The small attention to detail--from the garage attendants addressing me by name, to when the bell desk employee gave me a shipping form when he saw that I was carrying a FedEx box, made for an enjoyable experience. You don't have to be an Elite member (which I found out I was to my surprise) to expect this type of treatment. The service from the staff here is impeccable. Love this hotel!"
: "Pizza is ok but whats with the attitude?  Not cool or hip to get snide looks and attitude for ordering two slices, getting one, and asking for the second slice that you had indeed ordered... whose fault is that?  And whats the big deal, just heat up the slice of pizza.  Instead, I got a whole of of eye rolling, pizza slamming, and gnashing of change.  Whatever.  Would rather just get pizza than drama."
: "so convenient and close to campus, hangouts, and shops!!!\n\ntheir briyani is really spicy.... but i like to eat it anyways\nfood is prepared very fast\ni usually get water, chicken briyani, naan, and chicken tikka masala, and raita"
: "On a chilly day in San Francisco, I wish I could take a quick flight to Ann Arbor to enjoy Le Dog's soups. During the winter I would come here once to twice a week since I worked less than 1 minute away. I mistakenly asked if the soup is good when I meant to ask which soup is better. The guy in the back loudly said something along the lines of not making soup that is bad. Very true. I feel like I have tried all of the soups and they are all excellent!"
: "I use to be a huge fan of BJ's. I loved the pizza and the pizookie! Yum. \n\nBut I went back and it was not the same. The food was medicore. Salty, greasy, and overcooked. The pizookie, which I had hoped would be delicious, was gross and tasted artifical. \n\nThe waitress was really nice and funny but really slow. BJ's did not make for a quick lunch."
: "Great new place in the (poor) Ithaca culinary landscape. While the dinner menu is relatively uninspiring, the brunch menu is creative and full of southwestern flavors. I personally tried the \"Del Mar\" fish tacos, and the huevos rancheros - both above average. The grits was delicious as well.\nDesserts are tasty and well-made (I suggest the pineapple upside-down cake). Good wine and drinks list.\n\nThe restaurant interiors are nice, with a modern yet traditional feeling (it seems to be in Colorado rather than in Ithaca!). I give the place 4 and not 5 stars because the service is somewhat slow and sloppy - I am sure this will improve with time and with more training.\n\nA happy new discovery!"
: "Any time between 5-7, you'll most likely have to wait outside for 10 minutes, but no longer. They'll take your order before you're seated, and your food usually arrives moments after you sit down. Certainly not a place to take a friend or colleague to have a conversation, but a good place to swing by for a quick eat. The portions are large for the low cost, but the quality lacks. Unless you're a Thai expert, however, I doubt you'll notice. They're heavy on the grease and sauce, but hey, it's FILLING!\n\nOverall, it's a fun experience - or great takeout (I would estimate over half their business is takeout). Give it a shot for a $10 meal!"
: "Best haircut of my life!!! \n\nI initially walked into this salon because I had received a coupon from them.  The Salon was very clean and the people who worked there were very nice. As soon as I entered the receptionist asked if I would like something to drink. \n\nThey set me up with Keri for a haircut. At first I was super nervous because I have yet to walk away from a haircut with a good feeling. I am very happy to say that Keri gave me the best hair cut ever! She made sure that I was 100% happy with the end result - and I was.  \n\nShe listened to what I wanted - and executed it perfectly. One thing that really stood out to me is that normally when I tell a stylist that I feel like my hair is flat on top they usually just recommend product for adding volume. She actually cut my hair in a way that I had never seen before to add instant volume. \n\nAlthough I no longer live in San Diego I will definitely make the trip just to go get my hair cut by her. \n\nMake sure to make your appointment well in advance because the last time I called she was booked for a whole month! Definitely worth the trip and the money :-)"
: "We went up to chili's on a nondescript saturday evening.\n\nI'll have to say that initially I didn't really feel overly-jazzed about this place. We walk in, and it's more of a convenience store than a restaurant. \n\nWe order from a short menu (one page) and wait for the food to arrive. Service over-all was fast. The gal that helped us was somewhat pushy in a motherly sort of way, semi-scolding me when I was unable to make nary a dent in my gigantic meal. Apparently on the weekends you get all of the sides, instead of choosing just one of the three.\n\nI felt the food left something to be desired, my lamb curry dish being chock FULL of cardamom and my dining companion turning four shades ranging from light peach to crimson red from some sort of spice on/in the green beans.\n\nWith all of that being said, if you're a starving college student this place dishes HUGE portions and the food is hearty; and we only spent 25 on a full two course meal including dessert.\n\nI would only go here again to get the takeout, because for whatever reason the food seemed to be more delicious the second time."
: "6 buck clay pot bibimbop... Who could you not love that?"
: "Psh, your grandmother pies pale in comparison to my grandmother's pie.\n \nAnd your beef noodle soup isn't all that either!"
: "Were it not for the Bent Spoon, many a Princeton graduate student might have shriveled up and died in their lab basements and cubicles. It's one of those saving graces of the local Princeton town (that number can be counted on one hand) and can motivate one to push through a day of work.\n\nI personally buy a scoop so I can taste the variety of flavors first. Some memorable ones: Earl grey tea-- it's novel to have the taste of tea in a cold, non-liquified texture. Honeydew-- smoother than eating melon itself. Sorbets of all sorts, especially their blood orange-- sweet and tangy and cooling. Pistachio-- it's so potently pistachioey, it's more like the essence of pistachio, as if you took that filmic skin of pistachio, compressed it, and turned it into ice cream.\n\nIt's a  fun game to walk into the store and guess what flavors they'll have for the day. Even more fun is getting a free scoop after you've finished off your punch card!"
: "T.G.I. Friday's used to have one of the better happy hours in the general UCSD area, but ever since switching to the new Sunday and bar only specials, there isn't much point for students to go to enjoy some good deals on appetizers and drinks after a late night of studying or for their friends' birthdays.  This particular trip was inspired by a friends' birthday celebration and was a throwback to our old student days.\n\nFeeling a bit hungrier than just an appetizer, I decided to go with the Cheesy Bacon Cheeseburger.  Accompanied by a \"Snakebite\", this combination makes for the classic burger and beer combo.  The burger was pretty tasty and moist, but what makes this burger unique is its inclusion of a sliced of fried provolone cheese.  You would expect that it be kind of melted, but it was sort of just a solid patty of fried cheese.  It was OK, but definitely not what I expected.  I found the fries to be disappointingly over seasoned as well.\n\nTurning away their core demographic is a silly move in an attempt to increase profits.  Even sitting at the bar level doesn't count toward their happy hour specials and only applies if you sit at the bar itself.  As a student, Friday's used to be one of my favorite comfort places, but it has since lost most of its personality and charm.  Hopefully they decide bring back their old specials and Friday's can once again win back its core customers.\n\nFood: 7/10\n\nService: 6/10\n\nPrice: $$\n\nAtmosphere: 6/10"
: "In need of a caffeine infusion to get through the day? I suggest you mosey on over to the newest Coupa Cafe location and get yourself a Guayoyo. A Venezuelan latte, this cup of magic fuel kept me alert and ready for anything after I found myself drooping around 2PM. \n\nNow settled into the little coffee kiosk that used to house Moonbeans, Coupa Cafe is lively and busy. Grab a cup of Joe and go or stay for a while and study, read or chat with friends for a spell at one of the cafe's outdoor tables. The place is fast paced, enjoys a distinctly Latin spirit and the staff works hard to make sure you leave fueled up and with a spring in your step."
: "Carolina crossroads is one of the best restaurants in the area. The food is modern southern regional. The chefs tasting menu is usually a different style. For example, I've had southwestern and Asian (different meals). Desserts are a mixed bag. They tend to either be absolutely delicious or just okay. I recommend not going on Friday nights during the summer because they have outdoor concerts in front of the dining room. Ambience is great for dates. Service is awesome. The sommelier always has something tasty up his sleeve."
: "This is where I'd eat when I was a poor undergrad and needed a quick, cheap bite. It was either this or a donut from kingpin...needless to say, I love blondie's. It's open late night too, which can be really convenient. Some people say fat slice is better - they are wrong, it is just greasier and limper. Blondie's serves up a nice, old fashioned slice and it is big, cheap and delicious. This isn't gourmet, this is BLONDIE'S!\n\nAnd in addition, this place is definitely old school. My dad has been taking me here since I was a wee one, when he'd walk me around campus and tell me \"look, this is where you're going to go!\" (he was right). We'd buy our Blondie's pizza and eat on campus watching the college kids go by (it was weird seeing little kids doing the same with their parents when I was a student here). The crap they have hung up inside blondie's used to disturb me as a kid. And they still do."
: "Such good pizza, nice service. However, it gets really busy during the lunch period (somewhere between 12-2) so cramming into a booth can be difficult sometimes. Overall, DELICIOUS."
: "I recently commissioned three rings from Kerry Cohagen and was very pleased with the outcome.  The rings in question were an engagement and two wedding rings, very important.  Kerry listened to what we liked in terms of design and worked with us to fashion something unique and distinctly 'us'.  He used the idea of a mobius strip to create an interlocking engagement and wedding ring set for my sweetie and the result was elegant, organic, and truely a one of a kind.  My ring was simpler but elegant as well.  \n\nWe were so happy that he was willing to melt down old scrap gold and jewelry for us (including a few gold teeth) to form the jewelry as we wanted to minimize our impact on gold mining.  We came away with an amazing product for a really really reasonable price and couldn't be happier.  I would highly recommend these guys for any project.  They are artists of the highest caliber and really listen to the customer."
: "Walking around Cambridge in eleven degree weather has a tendency to make one cranky. Imagine that.\n\nSo with L.A. Burdick Chocolate Cafe in sight, I decided to employ the palliative sweet sworn upon by a well-known choleric demographic:  PMSing women. \n\nSeconds away from being a Laurensicle, I opted for my chocolate in hot liquid form. Specifically, a large hot milk chocolate. Which, according to their sign, is simply milk and melted shaved chocolate. (Three sizes: Demi - $2.00; Small - $3.00, Large - $4.50)\n\nMm...heaven. With one sip, the cold and mounting annoyance seemed to dwindle. Delicious. Strangely, I was reminded of the hot chocolate description in the book The Polar Express, rich like \"melted nougat\".  I sipped until my lactose-sensitive stomach threatened to rebel. I can't wait to go back to introduce friends and family to this incredible treat. Stomach and wallet be damned."
: "After much deliberation we tried this place for dessert on Saturday afternoon. Decor is adorable and the bathrooms are very clean. We tried the most traditional crepe on the sweet crepe menu: butter, sugar and whipped cream. It was delicious. However, I wish they had real silverware, plates and glassware. Also, if they are going to go with the French theme, they should get rid of the americanized sugary drinks and americanized crepe options. Keep it Paris, please! Otherwise, they might see us again, but it won't be a regular thing. I could make the same thing at home for a dollar..."
: "This is not really \"great pizza\" per se, the crust is a little cardboard-y and the toppings are not the highest quality.  That said, they do what they do well.  A quick slice or two when you are hungry, even (especially) late at night, and some truly inventive topping combos that they pull off surprisingly well.  While you will never see a fig and proscuitto pizza here, or a butternut squash, blue cheese, and rosemary, they are pretty inventive in a college kid kinda way - avocados and black beans, buffalo chicken, tortellini, etc.  It's not a gourmet spot, not a traditional Italian pizzeria, and not a high quality pie place like Regina's or Santarpio's in Boston, or Pepe's or Sally's in New Haven, but it's really a great spot to grab a slice.  When I am living in the Pioneer Valley they are kinda the place I love to hate - it's easy to eat there too often, to be sick of the mediocre crust and the Frankenstein topping combos, but when I am not in town I miss them."
: "The food here was pretty good. They have yummy make-your-own omelettes and the Mr. Greek Special is always a great deal. I heard good things from my friends, so I decided to check it out. Unfortunately, the prices have been jacked up since.\n\nAnd, I was violently sick afterwards. Not how that happened. All my friends were fine. :["
: "I've had lunch at Daisy Mint twice now, when there was no crowd, happily.  The food was excellent all around.  The service was not.  Both times.  No greeting when I came in the door.  First time, no one offered me a menu, although she grunted and pointed toward the table she wanted me to use.  Long delay in taking my order.  When food came out wrong, no gracious apology, just a silent picking up of my dish to return it to the kitchen for correction.  It won't stop me from going back for lunch on my own, but it would certainly stop me from introducing my friends to the place.  I would find it embarrassing to take them to a restaurant that didn't treat us well."
: "One of my faves in downtown claremont. Its healthy, refreshing, and flavorful. You can order on the phone and pick it up to go if you're in a rush. The place is small and has 7 tables tops with booths and chairs. It's affordable but a little bit on the pricey side. The menu is broken up by sides, proteins, and sauces. If they didn't close so early I would eat there after work all the time! \n\nTheir salmon is delicious! You have to get it with steamed vegetables, basmati rice, and the apple aoli sauce! The sauce is sooooo good! \n\nTheir blackened chicken is juicy and flavorful. They have a mustard sauce that goes w this or you can choose one of their lemon sauces! \n\nI love their pasta sald with balsamic vinegar and cherry tomatoes! This place is very good!!! Yay for D. Grubbs!"
: "Player's has kind of a bad rep around town. But with all the other club closings, it's one of the few places you can get your dance on. It seems to have more space than the Library, but the atmosphere is definitely lacking. They keep it dark and it always feels a little dirty. What the other reviewer says is true -- underage patrons are everywhere, easily spotted in their denim minis, rainbows, and heavy eyeshadow. There's a couch section that invariably has someone quite nearly having sex on it. It's upstairs, and there's almost always a line to get in on the weekends, so clearly it's popular with some folks. I will say that the Holy Grails (mystery house cocktail) are very potent and easily sippable. And the DJs do a nice job mixing in older and current hip-hop and R&B stuff. And to change their image, they have implemented a dress code (no wife beaters, gentlemen)."
: "Those of you looking for a nice night out could certainly do worse than a $40 four-course tasting menu at Craigie On Main. The catch? It's only available after 9 o'clock on Sundays and, barring a food allergy, is completely predetermined by the chef. I have no problem leaving my meal in the hands of a James Beard award-winning chef, but others might. My friend and I, who are always looking for fine-dining at affordable prices, stumbled across the Chef's Whim, and knew we had to try it. We had both been to Craigie before and been disappointed, but saw this as an opportunity to set things right.\n\nWe actually opted for the $55 six-course meal, but could have easily done with the cheaper version. Everything was the same between the two tasting menus (as we saw firsthand with the table ordering next to us), except for two supplemental courses, a cheesy pumpkin soup with grilled cheese and pork belly (rich and decadent, and maybe worth the extra cost alone), and a scoop of blackberry sorbet (lame, and a waste of a \"course\").\n\nThe dishes that overlapped in both menus ranged from good to excellent. My favorite was probably the cod cheek tempura, served with pickled peppers, preserved lemon, and a decent smattering of squid ink. There was a lot of salt in this dish, but it was not overpowering in the slightest. Seared swordfish with clams, whelks, and \"early fall succotash\" (which my friend aptly described as the vegetable portion of a tv dinner) came next. It was light and refreshing, and the sea critters were cooked perfectly.\n\nOur main entree, if you will, was a chicken thigh confit that was rather hard to dissect, both physically and flavor-wise. I wrote down the laundry list of ingredients presented by the waiter, but had trouble pinpointing some of them within the dish. I'm still drooling, however, thinking of the skin on our chicken. I may be 6'1\" and a lean 170 lbs, but I'm a fatty through and through. Now onto dessert. : )\n\nAfter my previous brunch here included sour milk panna cotta, I was a little disappointed to see it served for dinner as well. It is a delicious and texturally complex dish (the coriander casher granola is a perfect accompaniment), but I wish I got to try something different--preferably something with chocolate. For $40, I will definitely be back some Sunday in hopes of having my wish granted."
: "Came here for takeout because I didn't feel like cooking. I've eaten in before, but this time I ordered online, which I'm usually all about because you can double check what you're ordering without going \"huh?\" 1000 times over the phone. I ordered a bacon burger and paid extra for cheddar cheese instead of American because American cheese is freaking gross. A few minutes later, I picked up my order, brought it home, and was seriously disappointed to find basically liquid American cheese on it. Not to mention that the burger was flopped together and overcooked. Fortunately, the fries were delicious."
: "This is a nice place with nice food, not great food. Maybe my expectations are too high these days, at least for pricey restaurants. I brought my own wine, so with corkage for two people dinner was $150 with tip. For that price I expect fantastic food, it was fine. Service was good and the atmosphere was fine, uninspired but nice. They were also really mice to accommodate last minute reservations on a Saturday night on graduation weekend."
: "I had take-out from here often when I was a student. I particularly enjoy the Pad Thai, Lard Na Puck, and green curries. The food isn't write-home-to-mother great, but it is yummy and not too expensive. \nThe restaurant itself is a tad on the small side, but is a particularly nice spot for lunch when it's not too crowded. The wait staff are attentive. \n\nThey also make a killer Thai Iced Tea, with tons of cream. YUM!"
: "Pretty good Korean restaurant to go to for a very cheap price. The Korean lady who owns this place is really friendly and engages with a lot of her customers while they're waiting for their food. \n\nI had their ddukbokki, which, IMO, isn't the best I had. (Go to Cafe Expresso for that!) I was really disappointed because everything else that I tried at Bear Ramen was good. Also tried their Curry Rice (yummmm) and Kimchi Fried Noodles (so goodddd). \n\nThe downside: they only accept cash and the place is extremely tiny! It gets quite crowded sometimes."
: "This is my go-to Chinese take-out. Great food, good prices. I like the noodle dishes, my boyfriend usually gets the dinner combos with an egg roll. We also like the steamed veggie dumplings, egg drop soup and wonton soup. \n\nCash only is a bummer, but not the end of the world."
: "Amazing cookies and ice-cream-try the peanut butter ice-cream with white chocolate macademia cookies!!! yummmmmm!\n\nNegatives: Loooonnnngggg lines, staff appears overworked and rude at times."
: "Let's have a sit-down sushi restaurant in the size of a dorm room!!! really, it's that small and I would never want to eat there unless maybe it were summer, christmas, thanksgiving... any time when school isn't in session. \n\nThe food isn't bad for cheap, fast sushi... i suppose. I really like the spicy tuna roll which I get to-go (and I usually have to wait like 10 minutes for it, but at least I get to see them make it to order) and they have some hot tea for you to sip on while you wait. I've tried a few other things on the menu but, I really wouldn't recommend it unless you're just looking for an alternative to all the fried rices and egg rolls and heavy pastas and slabs of meat that you normally find at asian ghetto. \n\nThe 'finding nemo' roll picture on the outside (don't know if it's still there), is it... an advertisement? to be funny? it's like a cartoon picture of nemo, cut up in a roll, and SMILING?!?!  highly, HIGHLY disturbing."
: "This place is so trashy I usually buy a pitcher for myself and drink right from the pitcher. Recently someone had the bright idea of hiring a band during BTC to create additional noise and decrease seating space on the patio.\n\nA great place to come if you have to go out with friends or coworkers and don't want to hear a word they are saying.\n\nThe price of a pitcher hasn't matched the hour for years. The name of their happy hour should be changed from beat the clock to beat the wallet.\n\nThe funny thing about BTC is that you run into everyone you have met previously in class or at some party the week before. Forgot to get her number? Find her at BTC."
: "*** Friday - Lunch\n\nDirty Pho, as Su K. calls it:\nhttp://www.yelp.com/biz/pho-75-hyattsville#hrid:GSQpWsHSqfyJoAwMnZKmmw/src:search/query:dirty%20pho\n\nThis wasn't where I popped my Pho cherry, but it was the place that popped my Pho cherry's cherry back in good ol' 1991. I remember that spring day like it was yesterday. I almost jizzed my pants here that day. It's very basic, as other Pho 75 locations are. They have Pho and that's about it. No appetizers, no pork chops, nada.\n\nThe Pho here justifies the absence of other dishes though. Pho is really good most of the time. I say most of the time because, just like any other Pho places, it can be a little different day to day, and that is totally acceptable because bones and meats all don't come from the same cow. They come from happy cows, sad cows, and bikerbitch cows.\n\nGetting back to the Pho, sit down, order, and whatever you ordered will be out in front of you in less than 2 minutes. I guarantee this and am willing to bet both of Anson P.'s thumbs on this. I've been here 4 times in the past few weeks, and it's been good to great every time. Almost the same as I remember from back on that spring day in 1991. Noodles are cooked just right, meats are nice and tender and juicy, tendon is tendony, and the broth is ALWAYS piping hot. Like burn your tongue and mouth hot. The dish of sprouts, basil, jalapenos, lime, and sometimes culantro is usually fresh. Maybe being a local chain has its merits.\n\nStill one of my favorite Pho places in the DC area. Nice and dirty. I made a revelation during my meal here. I ordered a large #1 with NOTHING ELSE. No extra meat, no extra noodles. Nothing. I'm still so proud of myself that I patted myself on the back every 4 hours ever since until my update below.\n\n4.5 stars\n\n---------------------------------------------------------\n\n*** Update: How to spend $20 at Pho 75 on one bowl of Pho and free water\n\n1. Order a large bowl of Pho   $6.95\n2. Order onion in vinegar         $0.50\n3. Order extra noodles             $1.50\n4. Order extra meatballs          $1.50\n5. Order extra tai                        $1.50\n6. Order extra chin                    $1.50\n7. Order extra tendons             $1.50\n8. Order extra nam                    $1.50\n9. Order extra sach                   $1.50\n10. Order extra gau                   $1.50\n                                                     --------\n                                                    $19.45\n                                            Tax  $ 1.17\n                                                     --------\n                                                    $20.62\n                                            Tip   $  4.00\n                                                     --------\n                                                     $24.62"
: "They DO take cards now, with only a 25 cent charge if your order is under $10. I have gone here three to four times a week since I was a freshman..and its one of the things ill miss most about UCSD. I adore both their drinks and their pastries (chocolate croissants, if bought around 8am, are still warm!!). When I am short on cash they sell me chai on good faith, simply noting my name on a post-it to pay them back later, truly a magical place."
: "I've been coming here for over ten years.  Lulu's is Lulu's and it will never change but fortunately their Fried Tofu (big plate), hot and sour soup, and crab rangoon have never changed, and neither has my love of very unhealthy fried food.\n\nif you come here for dinner the service is terrible but you'll get your food eventually.\n\nif you come here for lunch your food will come out very quick and extremely hot, and it may or may not arrive around the same time your dining companion's food arrives.\n\nit's cheap.\n\nit's greasy.\n\nthe spicy peanut noodle bowl is DELISH. So is the fried tofu, egg roll, hot and sour soup, crab rangoon, curry, and pad thai."
: "About 2 years ago, I was desperate of getting my skin get healthy.  I went to 3 dermatologists in the bay area that even my  friends recommended..All of 'em prescribed me different kinds of antibiotics.  It was a horrible experience.  I had huge acne all over my face up to the top of my scalp and my back.  I knew something was wrong because I was noticing that my lips were  turning black from taking oral antibiotics and topical as well.  With all these frustrations, I was so desperate and tried to go online and look for a dermatologist of  my choice.   I got to tell ya'll, I felt like it was a gamble to find one-- not knowing who would be the best one for my case.  Luckily, I found Dr. Berman.  He was intimidating at first.  Just because, he asks me first   thing, what I think was wrong with my skin.  And I'm like--well, I needed help that's why I got to see you...I mean \"i DON'T kNOW, DUH???  Then so, he checked my chest, back and tummy to see any unwanted hair growing.  And he explained to me that it could be some hormonal imbalance that I am experiencing.  So, he asked me to see an OB-gyn..And I was like--that's weird....But as desperate as I was , I thought, I'd do whatever it takes, and followed his advice.  True enough, it was some sort of abnormality...I never thought that having irregular period is REALLY a  hormonal thing.  To cut my story short,  My acne starts to diminish after like 4 months.  Now, though it sounds too good to be true, I don't see any acne in my face.  My skin color has gone better.  Dr. Berman got everything under control.  Looking back 2 years ago,   I appreciate how my skin got back to its natural glow....Not perfect yet...because I deveoped huge pores and some scaring  from acne but  Dr. Berman gave me several options for treatment .  Microdermabrasion is my favorite because it's working great minimizing my large pores.  It is a little bit expensive though but it's all worth it.   Just go and check it out .  I know!  I know...Dr. Berman could be intimidating but he won't bite!  The only bad thing I'd have to say about his practice is that the COFFEE MACHINE DOESN'T MAKE GOOD COFFEE.  NEEDS SOME SERVICE DONE ON THIS MACHINE!!!  Look for Nora  to set-up an appointment.  She's very sweet and thoughtful."
: "Taste: 5\nValue: 4\nService: 4\n\nCame here after running the Nike Women's Half marathon, so I definitely had an appetite. On recommendation from our friend, I tried the Alameda. Two pieces of french toast with thinly sliced ham and sauteed mushrooms in the middle. Top it off with two eggs, over easy, and hollandaise sauce to top it off. The bottom has a balsamic vinegar reduction which complements the sweetness of the french toast."
: "We came on a pretty busy Sunday night and we (party of 2) didn't have to wait for a table. They even moved us to a more intimate spot once one opened up. The decor is lovely , high ceilings with beautiful cream lamp shades and wrought iron chadeliers. It has a very cozy, but not cramped feel to it. \n\nThe drinks and food are very reasonably priced. There semed to be only one waitress, 2 managers, and a food runner. But we didn't have to wait too long for anything. \n\nThe fried catfish fingers were delicious with a spicy remoulade, an appetizer or perfect portion of you just want a little something to nibble on, and to save room for dessert. My friend had the fish and chips, which were pretty standard, nothing out of this world, but good and reliable. I had the coconut/pineapple cake. It was pretty good, the icing was a little too sweet, but that's my only complaint about the entire night. I'd certainly have the cake again.\n\nI will absolutely be back, and possibly on my birthday because twice while we were there the owner/ manager erupted into a jubliant rendition of Stevie WOnder's Happy Birthday and encouraged the whole place to join her and brought out red velvet cake for the 2 birthday people. It made me feel special and they weren't even singing to me.\n\nMy date was a bust and he spent half the night on the phone, FAIL.\nBut dinner at Melba's definite, WIN."
: "Well, the door says \"Critics Not Welcome.\" does this mean Yelpers are not welcome, because that means I was not welcome; oh well. \n- A Lot of Food: Win \n- Location (at the mall) : Really Win \n-Nice employees: Win. \n-The fact that I had to wait a hour to get a table for 3 (well it was 1:00 pm on Saturday, but still): Really Lose. \n- Many locations in the Bay Area: Win \n-They forgot to bring my iced tea (they were busy so it was an honest mistake): Lose \nMax's Is a good family and group restaurant. But if you are planning to go at 1 pm on Saturday make reservations ahead of time."
: "I bring the family matriarch up to Hungry Mother every year for Mother's Day.  She thinks it's hilarious.  She's got some real Southern roots, coming up in Virginia, and she says the food is spot-on.  I trust her, because I don't think my taste buds are lying to me, either.\n\nThe people are fantastic and really do care about your experience.  They'll check on you, but not at inappropriate times or excessively short intervals, and they're very quick to correct any problems that may arise.\n\nThe food will simply blow you away.  These guys are no slouches, they know how to cook and they know the cuisine.  They'll also surprise you with unexpected twists on your prototypical Southern fare.  I have to recommend the sweet tea, which is definitely about as authentic as you'll find North of Maryland.  And if you're in the mood, the house cocktails are tasty and unique.\n\nFor all this you can expect to spend some real money, but that shouldn't deter you.  It's well worth it."
: "Delicious quick bite. I've heard about this place from so many people and finally got to try it. A yummy treat, and friendly service."
: "I'm struggling before 3 and 4 stars, I hate to be this mean. its a 3.5 (grossly approximated to 4) stars.\n\nThe thing is, with the Silver Skillet, you are eating there to get a piece of history, a landmark, a feeling or being back in an old school diner. I doubt that you come here for exceptional food.\n\nGrated, their pork chops are really good.. but its the best thing on their menu. To be brutally honest, the pork chops are super tasty, and their biscuits are probably the best ive had in a long time. However, the portions aren't that big, the prices are a little high, and the rest of their items (eggs, hash browns, etc) are just OK. Edible, tasty, satisfying, not food orgasm. I am super picky about my soft poached eggs to be fully runny on the inside. The were already mostly cooked on the inside. :(\n\nI still really liked coming here. They have the super old school trivial pursuit and play awesome hits from 1969 and before. The waiters are very nice and the whole feel of the place is really cozy and nice. You definitely do feel like you are part of the landmark, making this place a \"must visit\" for the environment more than anything.\n\nThe good: I ate enough to make me pass out for 2 hours after eating here. I wasn't hungry until 7pm.\nThe bad: the tables were a tad sticky and they charged me an extra $1 to replace the white gravy and potatoes for hash browns. $10.75 was a tad steep. (deal with it, i'm a cheapo).\n\nWould come again with out-of- towners to show them the place."
: "Decent sandwiches and salads, but the process of queuing to order, then queuing to collect the food, then queuing to pay is just too long and ridiculous if you plan to be out in less than 15 mins. Plus, I've been 4 times, and the women at the cash register never even acknowledge customers, just chat amongst themselves."
: "Hmm, it's really puzzling to me that this place has an average of 4 stars. I recently moved to Claremont and have been exploring my new neighborhood, and I just returned from my first trip to Pollos Kikiryki. To give a bit of background, I love food and tend to give most restaurants 4 stars. This place really disappointed me.\n\nI ordered the half rotisserie chicken and 1 side, and chose the salad as my side. The chicken was tasty, but honestly was not any better than the grocery store deli rotisserie chickens. In fact, the skin seem particularly fatty underneath, and there were several spots where the skin and meat were overcooked to a dry stringy mess. The meat did not \"fall off the bone,\" as some reviewers have said. The green sauce was also tasty, but actually rather bland, and did not compensate for the overall mediocre flavor of the chicken. The salad was literally several piece of iceberg lettuce, a couple slices of tomato and cucumber, and what tasted like Wishbone bottled Italian dressing. I ate in the restaurant, and when I asked for tortillas, I was told that it would be 75 cents for two tortillas.\n\nThe run-down looking restaurant has zero ambience, with old plastic booths, and the food was served on styrofoam plates with plastic utensils. The service, while cordial enough, was not particularly friendly or enthusiastic. I'm no cheapskate, and will gladly pay good money for delicious food or a nice ambience; but for the quality of food that I got, and the rather depressing feel of the place, I did not think the experience was at all worth the $8.50 I spent there.\n\nI hate to give negative reviews, especially to small businesses, but I felt I had to add my honest 2 cents to all the oddly positive reviews listed here. I can't understand why anyone would call this place a hidden gem by any stretch of the imagination. I will very likely not be back, as there are many better options in Claremont."
: "First rate wine and liquor shop with friendly, knowledgeable clerks. Never mobbed, easy to navigate, and on top of it all, very classy decor."
: "I lived within walking distance from this beautiful garden for a year and I didn't even know about it! *kicks self in the head*  I seriously felt more alive after walking through the roses, smelling the fragrance of the flowers and green grass, and frolicking in the cool museums surrounding it.  I have finally discovered something you can experience in LA for FREEEEEE!\n\nI'm actually really excited to bring my sweetie here, maybe for a picnic."
: "After realizing that we couldn't do anything about my dead car, my boyfriend and I said \"F*ck it\" and walked down to Barney's Beanery one June night. I walk by this place all the time when I'm in Westwood, and for some reason, had the impression that it was some cool Irish/British joint from the outside. Stupid me. \n\nWe sat down and took one look at the menu, and it was anything but. It was probably one of the most random menus I've ever seen in my life. They had all sorts of food, but I don't think it translated in a good way. It really had no focus, and it was shown in the quality of the food they put out. \n\nI ordered the clam chowder... I don't know what it was, but it was definitely not clam chowder. It tasted sour! Ew. So I didn't really have much to eat that night. Their onion rings were okay, but I think every American bar should get that down, so no kudos for okay onion rings. Rick said his burger was okay.\n\nBut it is a bar, and we still had fun despite the bad food. Its a great place to hang out and to drink. It got pretty rowdy in there, with all the karaoke. It's one of those bars that decorates by sticking random objects, pictures and gadgets on their walls and ceilings, which is fine by me. Kinda cool looking at all the random stuff. We talked, enjoyed a couple Tecate beers and watched Caddyshack on their many TVs. \n\nBottom line: I'd come here to drink, but not to eat.\n\nJen\nwww.foodforhunters.blogspot.com"
: "Shay's patio in the summer can't be beat.  But in the winter it is still a nice dive bar.  By dive I mean no frills, kind of dark, exposed pipes and bricks, floors a bit sticky.  I've also seen an actual bar fight there one night which was kind of exciting.  But for the most part its a chill place to meet for drinks.\n\nBeer and wine only but a good selection of both."
: "I was looking for a place to go to for my anniversary with my boyfriend. I read tons of reviews of restaurants on Yelp and decided to go here. It had pretty decent reviews and the menu that I found online looked good as well. \n\nIt went downhill from the moment we walked inside. We went on a weekday evening during finals week (I'm a student on campus) and there were only a few tables filled (by few, I mean literally 3 tables). We waited 5 minutes before we were even addressed, even though my boyfriend and I were the only people waiting in the front. It took another 7 minutes to seat us in an almost completely empty restaurant. \n\nWe received our menus and some bread (which was good) and water. The waitress came by to announce the specials, one of which included some udon noodle dish which confused me because they do not fit the cuisine of the restaurant (Latin American-esque vs. japanese), which I thought was odd. \n\nBeing from Chicago, and having experienced real Latin American/\"American\" food, as well as actual good food, I would definitely not label this restaurant as it has been.\n\nWe ended up ordering the phyllo-wrapped lamb and the beef stew. When the food came, I couldn't help but notice how limp the \"vegetables\" were. They looked like they had been defrosted from a bag of mixed vegetables. The mashed potatoes that came with the meal were also just so-so. It had big chunks in it, like they didn't even take the time to mash them all the way. \n\nThe lamb was alright. It was cooked well, pink in the middle, but the goat cheese on the outside (between the phyllo and lamb) was overpowering. The beef stew my boyfriend had was accompanied by the same limp vegetables and half mashed potatoes. The stew itself was nothing special either. \n\nWe didn't order drinks or anything extra, and our bill was still over $45. It was hardly worth the price for the amount or quality of food we got. \n\nI definitely will never go back. The food was less than inspiring and the service was horrible."
: "This is one of my favorite bars to hang out in Urbana. Whenever I feel like listening to some jazz music, I would check this place out because many local musicians play here. The food here is super CHEAP. I think the salmon burger is just $4 and 1lb fries for $2. It is excellent with their black pepper sauce. They have specials on other days as well."
: "First, let me say this was once my favorite place for Guay Teo Kaek.  It was authentic Thai, right down to the potato chips and hard-boiled egg.  The Tord Mun (fried fish cakes) were about the best in Austin, too.  If you timed it right, you could also get the best sticky rice with mango for dessert.\n\nThen the crazy ladies and the tall guy took over about 5 or so years ago.\n\n...\n\nEnd of Review. No, really."
: "I enjoy Fins. I got a Del Mar today (fish taco, shrimp burrito). I am surprised the combinations meals do not come with a drink though. \n\nOverall, I really enjoy Fins."
: "I used to love studying at Perks when the attached UCSD Bookstore didn't block off their un-purchased textbooks, and I could cheapskatingly do my readings in a nice cafe-setting without ever paying the price for required materials.\n\nSigh, I thought I was so clever, but the school administration must have caught on.\n\nAnyway, about Perks' coffee: It's decent. Think about this shop as a place to get your wiring-fix, and not so much a place to indulge. During the times I've usually ordered, I've only been half-alive, and would have been thankful for a drink a day-old, as long as it had a few pumps of espresso in it.\n\nConfession: I usually end up bringing my in-budget-purchased coffee from the Sunshine Store, here, instead. Since it's a university campus, no one minds, and even if they did, the cups are identical, and no one would be able to tell.\n\nBut really, Perks isn't so bad.\n\n(p.s. I promise I'm not as cheap as this review might have made me sound. Really.)"
: "As a woman who works on her feet full time I regretfully say that I have never had a pedicure.  Until today that is.  What was I thinking?  I could not be happier with my experience at Queen Nail.  It was so so so clean which was very important for me.  I went late afternoon on a Monday and was the only person in there (which i enjoyed) But i suspect they'd be busier at a more high traffic time.  My pedicure was wonderful and the massage chair didn't hurt either! There is a quiet tv playing and a vast selection of trashy magazines (double thumbs up).  Worth every penny, and it wasn't that many seeing as the pedi was only 25!  You can pay on your debit/credit card but don't forget cash to tip these awesome ladies."
: "Epic!  One of the greatest concerts ever.  Muse and Rage were amazing.  First time hearing Rise Against.  They were powerful.    \n\nIt was fun seeing fires, crowd surfers and moshing on the floor but I am glad I had seats just to the right of the stage - front row!"
: "I've been a fairly serious cyclist for 15 years or so and I've never encountered a friendlier owner or staff. Charlie the owner will never sell you stuff you don't need and his prices are always fair. I bought my second bike from him (the previous one was 2 bikes and many years ago) last year and I am very happy to call this shop my cycling home again. Got a very nice deal and was able to get the bike tailored to the terrain I ride in with no hassle. Plus-what's not to love about Bianchi bikes."
: "We were walk-ins, and i was ready to bolt out the door (I hate that unwelcome, second-class lurker feeling when trying to scam a table at a \"fully committed\" restaurant). \n\nI credit the lovely waitress who saw us standing awkwardly waiting for a few seats at the bar to open up with making me stay. She greeted us warmly, gave us two glasses of water, and generally made us feel welcome and comfortable. We soon settled into our seats at the bar, ready to make it an evening. I LOVED being seated at the bar. It was better than a regular table for a jumpy, need-my-water-filled immediately type like me who hates searching for a server throughout the meal. My server was right there, behind the bar, the whole time, whirling up cool cocktails with tinctures and retro bottles of spirits. He was there when we needed him, and was so friendly and pleasant. As were the servers who brought out our 6 course vegetarian tasting menu. We aren't vegetarians, but I've always wanted to try super-elevated veggie tasting menu by a top chef, and wow, we did it! Amazing. \n\nBut if anyone on staff is reading this: you could have served crackers and  cheese and I would have been happy b/c we were treated warmly, kindly, and sincerely by each and every person we encountered on staff. The food was flawless, but to be treated with unfailing warmth and kindness was the true magic."
: "I love Pinkberry, but this location is significantly smaller than others and understaffed -- also, they don't have some of the toppings that they do at other locations.\n\nNone-the-less it's still great and I'll be back again and again."
: "I would put Hong Kong on a list of the top ten places in Boston where you are certain to get eye f*#ked by a thirty-something white guy grinding by himself in early 90s style denim jeans.  If you can avoid this guy and love  getting down with your friends to generic, loud dance/top 40s music, then you'll really like this place.  If you aren't into packed, cheesy meat markets, then this probably isn't your bag."
: "We sampled the Takiyoku balls, little gems containing octopus and topped with bonita flakes. They had good flavor but the octopus was a little chewy. The veggie balls with mushroom were very good, and had a nice flavor \"zip\" from ginger and kewpie mayo. \n\nOverall, very tasty stuff."
: "I think this bakery is outstanding . Hands down Sumi makes the best pastries the tarts are to die for"
: "Summary based on many visits:\n--classic TD menu \n--ok service, so not like Southside and even somewhat better than Northside\n--parking challenging, but not impossible\n--consider avoiding weekdays at lunch when BHS students abound"
: "The subtitle for this restaurant should be - \"home of the burrito of infinite regret\"\n\nBoth my girlfriend and I were sick after eating at this spot. The burrito was large, but the meat was dry and the guac tasted terrible.\n\nAll in all, we would never, ever go back. Funnily enough, we also noticed that it was named RI's best mexican grill. We have decided not to return to RI for any period of time. Weak."
: "Went here for valentines day last year. We were able to make VERY last minute reservations when everywhere else turned us down they said they could find room for us. The restaurant is an old two story home. Very resonable prices for five star fine dinning service. Great wine selections. Wines by the glass pour is very generous and also great prices. We only got to see the selected menu but everything we had was perfect. The ambiance is very romantic! You can sit downstairs, upstairs or near the fireplace or patio. The gentlement who sat us seemed as he was the owner very friendly energetic and helpful, LOVED EVERY MINUTE OF IT!"
: "Love comics but don't want to deal with creepy fanboys?  This is the place to go!\n\nI was pleasantly surprised by this store!  \n\nNot only do they have a great selection of current comics, they also have many graphic novels, a bit of manga, a great selection of independent books & comics,  and friendly staff!"
: "Consistently fresh and flavorful, Koja is one of my go-to lunch joints. I'm fairly inexperienced with both Korean and Japanese, but Koja's dishes seem reasonably authentic. I'm a huge fan of the flat rice noodles and the udon noodles. After they're boiled, the noodles are thrown on the flat top grill where they pick up the most wonderful char. And there's just enough oil to cook and flavor the noodles. The shredded cabbage and sesame seeds provide additional texture and flavor. I ask for \"medium spicy\" which has a substantial kick without being painful. Sometimes, when it's freezing out, the owner gives you free hot tea while you wait! The noodle portions are very generous."
: "Food:\nI would love to love this place but really there is better southern food around, biscuits are pathetic, country ham not good at all. I just don't get it.....I went here 15 years ago and wasn't impressed...saw that Rachel Ray went here on her show so we decided to try again.....still not worth it.\n\nService:\nFine\n\nAtmosphere: \nGreat little space and patio...just a shame the food is not worth coming back to!"
: "this is the worst coffee shop i have ever been to! you should be ashamed to call yourself peet's. i have never been so insulted in my life by the woman that works here as well as that stupid manager! they need to learn how to treat customers with repsect! there needs to be a starbucks on campus so we can get decent service and coffee!"
: "There is a few things I like about this place, great atmosphere, good customer service and tons of cute USC students.\n\nWhat I don't like is the price. I think it's cheaper at Chipotle. \n\nThe first time I went, the guy at the counter was awesome, made me laugh, cracked jokes, etc. Second time I went, the girl was tired, rude and just tried to rush me off. I sat down to eat and mind you they were about to close but I didn't think it really mattered because the first time around the workers were cleaning but still offering water or napkins etc. The last time I was there, it was like they wanted me to just eat outside so they could leave. Kinda left a sour taste in my mouth. I'll stick to Chipotle."
: "Small Italian pizzeria serving up the best handmade pizza and cannolis in the ATL.  Pizza is freshly made with all the best ingredients.  In the back room you can see the chefs slicing the sweet peppers, rolling the dough, picking the basil, you name it.  The pizza is also the perfect balance between soft and chewy yet crispy.  We had the San Gennaro and it was out of this world.  Sausage was tasty and flavorful, peppers were bursting with flavor, bufala you could only imagine. Since the pizza is so fresh, you don't feel stuffed and bloated when you're done with it.  They don't serve beer or wine but I've heard you can bring them in, not sure about the corkage fee though.  And the cannolis - you can't leave without trying one.  We bought the vanilla with chocolate chip, pistachio, and chocolate.  Chocolate was too rich; pistachio was very good but I think the chocolate chip was my favorite.   Wish I had an Antico in DC!"
: "We're not talking food for royalty here (unlike a decent In-N-Out Double Double), but bear with me.. If the Fat Combo had a genesis myth, it would go something like this:\n\n\"And the Lord said unto Moises, 'Build thee a crust of remarkable height, breadth, and width, strong enough to bear the weight of a great burden, yet yielding to the softest of palates.  Anoint it with a sauce of tomato, and adorn it with a fine coat of mozzarella.  Call forth two of every vegetable, and seven of every delicious and savory meat on Earth, and stack them, one upon another, until thy work has stretched nigh to the gates of Paradise itself.  And ye shall call it the Fat Combo.'  Moises did as God had commanded him.  And it was Good.\"\n\nEverything else there is very \"Meh\"; but I'm feeling generous:  5 stars for the Fat Combo, the Lord's great and terrible Instrument to strike down the gluttonous (albeit in sheer delight).  That's averages to about a 4 if you're scoring at home.\n\nOh, and God, in case you're an avid Yelper, I'm sorry for the gratuitous use of  Your Name without Thy Express Written Consent.\n/Catholic guilt"
: "This is the University of North Carolina's one-stop shop for everything you might need whether you're  a student or a fan on campus for a game. \n\nStudent Stores has by far the best collection of Carolina apparel with Nike, New Era, and Under Armor. As far as collectables go, Johnny T-Shirt (on nearby Franklin Street)  has Student Stores beat by a bit, but not by much. The big difference between Student Stores and the Carolina Shops on Franklin Street is that, where you might find a similar set of products in the Franklin Street shops, Student Stores gives some overlap, but is mostly products you won't find on Franklin Street. \n\nThe Store also features a mini-mart, the Daily Grind coffee shop, Bull's Head Book Shop, a US Post Office, an entire floor of textbooks, and a tech shop downstairs. Student Stores is newly remodeled and they really did a great job. \n\nFor textbooks Student Stores tends to be the most expensive and the mini-mart has a slight mark-up. Other than that this is really a super store."
: "Great if you are looking for fast, cheap, and good.\n\nI get the falafel sandwich every time I'm in the area and love it! You can add some extra condiments on the side which is also great.\n\nI also love the chips (and never had any digestive issues with them). Great to dip in with some of the other sauces/dips."
: "Fresh Comfort Food Kicked up a Notch!\n\nWOWZA PALOOZA~ this place is simply perfect. My boyfriend found it my accident looking for this other Hot Dog place for dinner.\n\nAfter a LONG day of shopping I really needed something to refuel me. This place knows how to SET A MOOD.\n\nImmediately when you walk in, you notice how Clean and Cool it is, it's new age classic.\n\nThe menu is written on big chalk boards, and the first thing I noticed were the Bleu Cheese Sweet Potoato Fries. OMG are you kidding me? Sounded amazing!\n\nI knew I was gonna get the fries so on to the DOG. I Like the options that they have for toppings, and I really like the Build Your Own option..\n\nBUT..\n\nNo need for me, once I read the Master Creations that they had available already, My mouth immediately started to water. I decided to try the GRAND SLAM and WHOA was it ever!\n\nGrand Slam= \n*Huge Dog (i think they might be Hebrew National-they tasted amazing) \n*Bacon (this bacon is THICK CUT and cooked to PERFECTION)\n*Tots (TaterToTs on a hot dog, OMG)\n*Fried Egg (Fried perfectly I might add, the white part was cooked fully and the yolk was gooey and oozy but not RUNNY-aaaamazing)\n*Hawaiian Sweet Roll (Don't be mistaken, it was three rolls combined to create the perfect bun for this savory dog)\n\nThis combo was already glorious, but I decided to add avacado and take a trip to glory city. GOOD CHOICE ON MY PART\n\nI ordered one of the Bottled Orange Cream Sodas (sounded good, but I'll probably get the root beer next time)\n\nDesign:\nWe walked to a table near the back and sat down, observing the cool and sleek cozy city style of the place. \nI really liked how they chose mat paint for the walls-very modern.\nThe tables were really cool-huge dark wood slats on wheels with trendy stools to match. \nThe lighting was perfect (finally a restaurant that GETS IT) I don't want lights blinding me while I'm trying to eat much less have a conversation.\nTop it off with some tunes and I'm happy- good job Dog Haus.\n\nDidn't take TOO long for our food to arrive...As soon as I got my dog I was excited to check out their extensive condiments bar---NICE TOUCH!\n\nWith a little mayo and some spicy mustard I'm good to Grub-don't wanna take away from the flavors.\n\nTHE DOG:\n*The Bun was Soft and Sweet...YUM!\n*The hot dog was Delicious and Juicy-no burning my tongue here!\n*The Bacon was COOKED to PERFECTION-no chewy fatty pieces, perfectly crisped, thick cut bacon-OMFG\n*Avacado-Very fresh and vibrant green-I'm happy guys.. really.\n*The Egg was \"over Medium\" no white gooey parts-pure golden glaze--yumm\n*The TOTS-perfect (but lets be honest, who can screw up tots)\n\nNeedless to say the dog was demolished-completely..SOo GOOOOD\n\nBut what about the Bleu Cheese Sweet Potato Fries?? Well guys don't get too excited cause I'll never order them again-i thought it was gonna be chunks of blue cheese, but it was a dressing and it was NOT good.\n\nI'll get the fries again, but not the Blue Cheese Ones...\n\n$$$=super reasonable-around 6 bucks for a delicious loaded dog.\n\nThey also have brats and burgers-I'm coming back for sure!\n\nOVERALL I wish i could rate them a 4.5 but i can't--so they get a 5 due to the fact they the dogs are so CREATIVE and DELICIOUS-the quality of the food is spot on and the condiment bar is very unique and diverse. (Curry Ketchup, Gray Poupon, Spicy Mustard and much much more!)\n\nI'll be going back SOON and I absolutely love this place...!!! You should definately go.\n\n******CHECK OUT THE 6 PHOTOS THAT I ADDED******"
: "I made fun of French food until I ate here.  It's that good.  And great wine...."
: "Our favorite yogurt place so far! Not only do we love hanging out at downtown claremont, but nothing beats yogurtland!"
: "I admit it, I fell into the hype. A huge line edging around the alleyway are the norm so I swooped in today when I saw that there were relatively few people waiting in line. The customer service was as sweet as the frosting - but, like the cupcakes, was lacking in anything that involved complexity. I feel like the line is built from intentionally slow service to build up hype. I ordered the hot red velvet, black and white and got the free cupcake of the day (chocolate marshmallow). They have a habit of taking their sweet time boxing up the cupcakes before finishing up your order. They accidentally gave my order to another person and totally forgot about my order. I brought it up with the cashier and she quickly checked the tickets and said I was next. Nothing else. Next was 10 minutes later after I asked again. I was charged for my free cupcake and I had to go back to get it remedied. The cupcakes were well packaged, I'll give it that.\n\nThe cupcakes were lovely little things though. The taste? The frosting is decent but all sugar - cut it with plenty of milk. The cakes didn't really have a chocolate flavor but had a good moist texture though. Hype is what keeps this place in business. Including the little snafu, I waited about 1/2 hour and spent 7 bucks on 3 cupcakes. Even if there was another free cupcake involved, I won't be back."
: "Disco fires are heaven, burgers are Great, nice amount of meat, not too much. Onion strings are really really good. They have a diverse secretion of draft. And the PRICES are not high (like some in the area) I will be back with friends.   OH AND GOOD MUSIC & nice staff !"
: "So F-ING good.  I love that you can pick whether you want pizza or rice, and that you can get everything either vegetarian or vegan. The black bean pizza (vegan) is soo soo soo good, but the portabella redhead is equally delicious. AND they have vegan breakfast pizza.  the only downside is their weird affiliation with Club Passim, and the fact that sometimes they have tons of space, and other times you're crowded into 5 tables if there is a show. i wish they were on foodler for takeout too!"
: "I did not like the service or my chai tea :("
: "This restaurant is okay. They serve foods commonly eaten around parts of West Africa...fufu with soups, jollof rice (which was fried rice), rice and stew, plantains, etc. Generous portions are usually served. The restaurant caters to a diverse crowd and the service was good. Prices for meals start at about $8 and up.\nLooking to return."
: "This is a pretty nice place in Westwood, right by Brewco.  The ambience is nice, the decor and feel of the place is wonderful.  The price of the food and drinks definitely reflect the environment; however, the drinks are well balanced and for those who aren't used to drinking -- might feel quite heavy.\n\nAs for the prices, I think that many college students that come to this place usually come during happy hour to enjoy the environment and pay a decent price.  Outside of happy hour, I can see this place being a good \"first-date\" place.  I would recommend anybody in the area to come in and check this place out."
: "I came in on a Thursday afternoon, a day after UW students started school. Pretty busy, but not in the bar area. \n\nI sat down at the bar, was greeted promptly by a pleasant waitress and was given a menu. I ordered the Original Cheese steak with slaw and fries. It was pretty good, however the price was a bit steep. Total bill with a soft drink cost around $12 and that's not including tip. \n\nIf you're looking for a good meal for cheap, I wouldn't come here, considering you're on the AVE and there are a TON of cheap eats around. However, it's a good place to watch a sports game, have a couple drinks and catch up with friends. Pretty much geared toward older folks and rich kids."
: "I had the Fatburger with mustard and cheese. Great service at the drive-thru window. Quality food."
: "The other day some friends and I arrived at Salento around 6:30pm(still happy hour time), we ordered, chatted a bit, and then left around 7:30 pm (out of happy hour time). The waiter was less than friendly,  and didn't reply to our questions (she just left while we were about to ask). Probably, she was upset because we didn't plan to eat there. Anyway,  at the cashier  we were charged full price for the wine, although we had been there for the happy hour,  which I don't think was cool at all. Wine is also pretty expensive for the quality. They definitely lost a customer."
: "Oh Racha, how I love thee.\n\nToo bad your new owners decided to get rid of any personality whatsoever on your interior.\n\nBut the food is the same, i suspect the same cooks are employed.  The lunch there is great, you get a little soup or salad and the price is cheaper.  The food is just as good as the likes of Thai House, but much less expensive.  Atmosphere leaves something to be desired.\n\nI basically stick to the same items, and they're all good.  I'll name them in order of deliciousness:\n1- eggplant with beef stir fry.  a little spicy and wonderful\n2- Pad See Ew.  Thick, chewy noodles with meat of your choice and broccoli.  Yum\n3- Yellow Curry with Chicken.  Always a sweet and mildly spicy treat.\n4- Green Curry.  i just like it because it comes with eggplant.\n5- Pad Thai.  Not that it's bad or anything, its just that after I discovered Pad See Ew, the Pad Thai just rarely makes the cut."
: "Eh, I think this place is overrated. However, my roommate has insisted that I inform you that she thinks it's the shit (in more or less words, and maybe a little bit of rewording). However, at this point I still have not had one good experience here. My first time coming here was when I first moved to the U-District. The Mee Sum at Pike Place has the most AMAZING hum bow, so I was thinking they would be very similar (due to the confusion of having the same name). I purchased a chicken hum bow and bbq hum bow. Wow, I've never had a hum bow that was so bad I could not stand to eat it.....but I could only manage a few bites out of each before giving up and throwing them out. I tried coming back for the bubble tea since my roommate constantly raves about it along with most of her friends. I tried the red bean bubble tea, but it tasted a bit chalky which seemed to be due to using a powder and not mixing very well. Finally, the last time I was here was due to my roommate dragging me here (ok, maybe not literal dragging...but I always make her go to Oasis, so it was my turn to go to her favorite bubble tea place; though, I did not go happily!). I got the strawberry milk tea, which is my regular drink at Oasis and what I usually get to compare bubble tea places. Wow, this was the worst tasting bubble tea I've ever had in my life. It tasted like strawberry flavored medicine, to be exact it tastes like these nasty strawberry chewable zinc vitamins by Zicam. Since I had paid almost $4 for it (including the credit card fee), I tried to force myself to drink it....however, it was so bad I just wanted to throw up every time I took a sip. I can't remember what my roommate got, but it tasted like sprite and was really overkill on the sweetness. I would give them one star, but since my roommate loves this place and the cashiers are pretty nice I gave them 2 stars (though if I could give half stars I would give them a 1.5). Personally, I would recommend passing this place up."
: "Never seen slower serving speed. Sat and waited there for one whole hour and no dish was served. Left swearing we would never return."
: "I LOVE THIS PLACE SO MUCH.\n\ngood froyo\ncheap froyo\nyummy froyo\n\ndoesn't get any better.\n\n\ni dont think i can say anything else EXCEPT i miss my green tea froyo.\n\n\nyogurtland anyday, errday."
: "Based solely on their gyros: 5 stars.  Absolutely delicious.  Not too much sauce, succulent meat, crisp onions, tomatoes, all on fluffy, chewa pita bread.  I am wowed by the fact that you can choose your size of gyro.  I think a medium gyro (4oz) is perfect for filling you up without overwhelming your stomach.  AND, it's under $5.  Yum, yum, yum."
: "I've never had the coffee here. I don't know why. I think it's because this place looks so dirty. The steam wand is always covered in crusted up, burnt milk... but they've got a nice selection of granola and other little goodies. They have a nice tea selection, which is usually what I order to drink. \n\nThe cafe is super cramped, and pretty hard to get a spot to plug in... but they've got free wifi and a nice outdoor seating area. I only go here if I want to do a little reading or there's nowhere else to go. I have to make sure to bring my own headphones. The blas\u00e9 baristas are usually pumping music super loudly, especially during the evenings."
: "It's truly amazing to me that this place considers itself a high-end salon.  I left that place looking like one of the following: 1) it was 1985, with my feathered, chunky-layered uneven mullet (any \"high-end\" stylist should know that even if I had asked for it, curly hair does not do well like that) ; 2) that I was a blue/gray-haired, bridge-playing 85 year-old granny; or 3) that a prepubescent aspiring hair stylist hacked into my hair on a whim at a junior high sleepover.  I asked the stylist to \"fix\" what I thought was a bad cut from another stylist there 6 weeks earlier (I chalked that one up to lack of experience, both in cutting and in life), and left with the worst cut I have EVER had.\n\nAlso, having had my roots retouched several times here successfully, this stylist totally changed the color of my hair.  Even I, who is NOT a stylist, knows that you don't leave color on the entire head for a half hour, same as the roots, when all you want are the roots done (should've done a pull-through at the sink for 3 minutes only!!).   It's now several shades darker than the color I actually wanted. I will never, ever go back to this place.  It seriously needs to take itself down a notch on thinking it's a \"high-end\" salon.  Could've gone to Supercuts for the same Supercrappy style I now have to wait to grow out. Sigh."
: "As a grocery store, this place is overpriced, narrow and crowded. My five-star review is reserved simply for the best thing you can get here: the bacon, egg and cheese sandwich on a roll. Best in the city. The eggs are perfectly cooked on the frying surface, you have your choice of cheeses (I prefer cheddar or pepper jack), the bacon isn't over- or undercooked, not too salty, just the right amount of grease. Top with a slice or two of tomato with the perfect amount of sweet and acid, and sandwich between a lightly toasted roll, and then you have the best bacon, egg and cheese on a roll in the city."
: "We are always looking for a new place in the Chambana area during football season and somehow Black Dog had eluded us.  Luckily I ran into a friend who opened our eyes.  \n\nWe went to the ASU night game and after a long night of cheering we were hungry!  We arrived around 9:30 / 10:00 pm and the place was still pretty full.  When we sat down the server announced that they were out of quite a few menu items.  We weren't shy about our disappointment and a little bit later the server told us they were going to make more of the twice baked potato casserole.  Hooray!  Oh and they were DELICIOUS!\n\nEverything was so good.  The bbq has more of a smoked flavor which I really like.  I ordered the pulled pork with the house sauce.  The sauce was a bit spicy (I am a wimp) but I did sample some others that I liked.  \n\nI can't wait to go back to try some burnt ends and some other sauces."
: "Great food! Love to come here its always good."
: "Cheap, hot, pretty good pizza, at least when you get it by the slice.  And they make a quite good meatball sandwich.  There is better pizza in the world, but not for this price in Manhattanville.  The staff is friendly and the seating area, while barebones, is clean."
: "There are two locations, one just off Walnut Street in Shadyside and one on Craig Street in north Oakland.  The hours are quite limited, but I like the French neighborhood cafe vibe. \nThe crepes and coffee are really good, and they have a great selection of French tea.  The place is quite hectic, however.  As everyone said, wait in line to order, then get a table.  I have been in both locations many times, and it has never been a problem, though it does seem a bit weird at first. \n As for the service, it seems that their attitude is to give any rudeness you give them right back.  Be polite, and they will treat you accordingly."
: "Oh American Apparel. You're overpriced. You're seedy. You make me feel fat. Basically, you're that pervy old pseudo-relative who can simultaneously make you feel inadequate AND like you're about to get touched in naughty ways. Not my favorite character.\n\nI have major beef with Dov Charny, with their \"living wage\" claims, with their sexist ads.\n\nBut uh, some of their clothing is pretty cool. I own that high waisted denim skirt and it's great... just made with sin =/"
: "We met a group here after work and the staff was very friendly.  Great atmosphere to be outdoors but still shielded from the hot Texas sun.  We ordered a variety of appetizers with some beer.  There are tv's all over to watch whatever may be on that day."
: "Lakaton!  Warm service.  A bit cramped in the dining room, but wonderfully delicious pasta dishes that always feel interesting yet familiar.  The lamb ragu here should probably go up on my Top 10 list of comfort foods.  The Manager/Host is consistently warm and inviting.  It's like he's welcoming you to his home.  I like that.  It's a CASH ONLY place and you should probably know that before coming here.  It's worth the effort though, you won't be disappointed!"
: "I had heard great things and convinced some friends to try on a sun drenched summer afternoon. Their cocktail list looked pretty epic - I decided on a non alcoholic bevvie that had plenty of flavor - house made ginger beer! Which tasted exactly like, ginger! Really refreshing - although I was surprised that I liked my friends peanut drink more. I tried the Jamaican jerk chicken which the sauce had lots of flavor - sadly, the chicken not as much. My Friend tried the specialty - and we tried both breads with the chicken curries and I would recommend those over the jerk chicken.  Would like to come back and try more of the menu - lots of veggie and vegan options!"
: "I'm biased by the fact that USC football games happen here (the only reasons I have ever been there is football games) and when the fans all get together in the stands, it's a fun place to be.  Honestly the stadium is not in that great of shape (kind of old), but because it's the home of the Trojans, I really don't care.  I imagine renovations might happen in the future, but I really don't have any solid grounds to base that idea on"
: "I've been getting stuff embroidered here for a few years now, and the service, quality, and pricing are all worth 5 stars! The owners of Joy's are this cute Korean couple who are very very friendly, and they understand exactly what I want to get done without much explanation. They even take into consideration what \"looks good\" as well, instead of just \"doing it\". They are quite speedy too! All in all, I'd highly recommend Joy's for its low prices and great quality and service!"
: "Strolled in here just to look at bikes and rode out on a 2011 vita! Staff was super helpful and explained each bike's specs to me. They had several options for shorter folks, which I appreciated, and they made sure the bike I picked was comfortable in terms of grip placement, height and handlebars. They were super knowledgeable without being condescending and answered all my questions. I'm coming here for all my bike needs :)"
: "I've always been a fan of Korean food and have walked past this spot numerous times.  This place is always packed and usually has a wait during dinner.  I've been meaning to try this spot for a while and finally got the opportunity during a Friday dinner.  There was only 2 of us so our wait ended up being no more than 10 mins.\nEverything was delicious and food came out quick.  Ordered the short ribs and the tofu soup and finished everything! I'll be back soon and will bring new folks to experience this great place."
: "This was my favorite Korean restaurant to go to as a student.  I'm sure now that I've experienced other Korean food, I might go back and change my mind, but I'm going off of when I was a student.  I used to get the rice noodles + ramen here and enjoy all the pancham and tea.  I really liked that the restaurant was a little mom and pop restaurant, because I saw the same man and woman there every time I went"
: "It's not just a drug store!!  Although it is that, too.  The pharmacist has  been there since I was an undergrad last decade.\n\nHint: Let your olfactory senses lead you to the rear, and order a tasty burger.  The chicken fingers are decent, fries are on par, but the milkshakes are over the top!  Yum.  Decent hot dogs, too. \n\nSteer clear if you're calorie counting or are socially awkward and \"can't handle\" sitting next to someone you might not know.\n\nPS Don't bring a group, its infrastructure isn't set up for that."
: "Helpful staff. The prices seem high, but the quality and selection are good."
: "Every couple of months, the La Jolla Rock Bottom hosts a special \"Brewmaster Dinner\" in their upstairs bar.  The head chef and brewmaster get together and create a unique menu centered on seasonal foods paired with whichever specialty beers are currently tapped.  The cost is around $35 + tax/tip, reservations required, and always seems to sell-out.\n\nIn terms of mouthgasms, the food/beer combos at these events could go head to head with The Rabbit.  Last Saturday, the theme was Beer and Bacon; here's the menu (with pairings and my comments**):\n\nBeer of your choice to start\n**Full pour of any beer in the place\n~~~~~~~~\nProsciutto-wrapped Melon & Figs - Tender Italian prosciutto around fresh melon and Figs with a bit of tangy goat cheese.\nPaired with Liquid Sun Belgian-Style White Beer\n**I'm not big on figs, but stuff 'em with goat cheese, add a little prosciutto and throw a beer into the mix and that's one less bowl of Total needed for the ol' daily fiber allowance.\n~~~~~~~~\nShrimp Diablo - Large shrimp stuffed with a jalapeno sliver and fresh cilantro, wrapped in bacon & topped with a spicy bbq sauce.\nPaired with Hop Bomb IPA \n**I don't have anything to say about this course other than it was f'n delicious.\n~~~~~~~~\nPork Tenderloin with Cocoa Spice Rub \nCrusted with Cacao Nibs, chili powder, coriander and brown sugar.  Served with sweet potato mash.\nPaired with Samurai Imperial Stout\n**The pork was so tender that you could've cut it with a spork; a knife was definitely overkill.  It was so amazing, in fact, that my pants may have puffed up a little during this course.\n\nButter Cream Gelato over shortbread with Maple Bacon\nFreshly made gelato from Gelato Vero over house-made shortbread with Maple Bacon\nPaired with Naughty Scot Scottish-style Ale with Rum Soaked Oak chips.\n**Um, hello Maple-soaked bacon, where have you been all my life?  It was like breakfast knocked up dessert and they spawned a shortbread love child.  Bow-chica-bow-wow.\n\nThe next dinner will be for Valentines Day and will be a beer and chocolate-themed pairing.  If it's half as good as the one last year, there won't be a dry seat in the house."
: "This is a mom and pop, (and grandmom, and grandpop, and daughter operation...even the eight year old girl will come by and chat with you, with more poise than most sommeliers), that just opened up in the Old Eddie's Market. While Eddie's, as occupied by its latter proprietors, had indecipherable Soviet Post Office Hours, Ginger is pretty much open from a more convenient FiddlerRoofian Sunrise to Sunset, to accomodate ideal rumpus hours across the street at Grant Park. \n\nMy picnic date and I ordered the Roast Beef Sandwich ($7) with arugula, red onion marmalade, and horseradish aioli. The horseradish was mild, and good for those whose palate and disposition are not \"as thick as Tewkesbury Mustard,\" but the sandwich was still very flavorful, as was the marinated veggie with goat cheese sandwich ($6). As side salads, we got the Greek (picnic date thought there was too much raw amino acid sulfoxide-laden onion) and the potato salad (very classic and simple, but good...not too much mayo, but still soft potatoes for the win!). I came back the next day and ordered a cafe mocha, which is made with our native Pasadena delicious Jone's coffee. The owner was so excited about the new shipment of chocolate, and thus my mocha was truly Oompa-loompaesque. (He asked if he put too much chocolate, which is unfortunately a question based on an impossible premise, and I will soon vigorously recommend that he read \"Plato and Platypus Walk Into a Bar.\") I do have perhaps one gripe with the otherwise delicious cafe mocha; in my opinion it wasn't quite warm enough, so increasing the brew temp would be my only suggestion. We partook of the free samples of desserts (a savory cookie with lots of herbs and spices and a flaky pastry with chocolate), and both were delicious.  \n\nThe store is very cute and has old fashioned Hershey bars, soda pop bottles, and various other Ye-Olde-Confectionary-Shoppe style items. They also have a few toys for the kiddos. These are cool, but I do recommend supplying larger and heavier hula hoops, for all but the tiniest of children. This is because (according to a powerpoint I just found on the internet), it's easier to keep the hula going that way: \"The heavy hoop has more rotational energy, so it will be easier to keep moving. The faster the hoop goes!, the more centripetal force...which pushes it up against my body! The more normal force it feels from my body, the more static friction is keeping it from sliding down.\" Basically, what happened was that I told my picnic date I was a world-class hula hooper, and this ended in a major embarrassment. \n\nAnyway, I highly recommend heading to Ginger and having a nice picnic, while ogling at cute basketball players in the courts across the street. The food is good and reasonably priced, and the whole family is very friendly and excited for people to like their food."
: "My previous review was:\n\"Good place for a first date\" 4 stars\nWell, that relationship went up in flames.\n\nJust kidding. Kinda. I came here again and, I don't know what it is, the food doesn't taste good anymore. The chicken in the tikka masala was dry and impossible to chew and the alu ghobi was really salty.\nTo top it off, the meal made me really queasy and uncomfortable for the rest of the night (food poisoning? I dont know...)"
: "They have some really unique stuff in here. I wish I new what some of it was, but having limited foreign language skills makes it difficult to read some packaging. \n\nHonestly, I don't have anything to compare this place to, and I don't shop there regularly, but I like it for just being unique. \n\nI give this place a solid three stars for carrying some really interesting items that I enjoyed. They also had some beer that I had never seen anywhere else!"
: "I can't speak for the Indian food here, but I had the best falafel of my life last night at this place. The staff was attentive and friendly, and I got the strong sense that the owner was truly proud of the food he and his crew prepare. It's spring break for UW, so I had the chance to relax and enjoy an empty restaurant with great company and no pressure.\n\n(I am reviewing the location pictured in the photo attached to this entry; it seems there are several others that may share the same name.)"
: "Brickway is my brunch go-to.  I know that there will always be a wait, but the owner is ruthlessly efficient at getting people in and fed and on their way, and he never seems in a bad mood.  Last time we were there, he was away from the front and another server took our party name.  I guess it failed to make it into the book because we stood there and waited... and waited.  Finally, when two girls who had come in after us were seated, we asked him why we had been passed over.  He looked in the book, we weren't there, and he immediately made a space for us to sit, all while apologizing profusely.\n\nEvery meal I've had there has been excellent.  \nService is always speedy and polite.\nThey have interesting specials, but the regular menu is robust enough to keep you coming back for more. Plenty of options.\nCute decor--very light and airy.\n\nWhat else to say about this place?  The only complaint I have is the wait, but they're pretty good at predicting how long it will be, so you can go for a walk around the block instead of cramming into the entryway."
: "Picked up some doughnuts before work this morning, and Kamal had a couple of star-shaped, orange-glazed, sweetness-filled doughnuts that he called Orange Dreams.  He mentioned that he had created them for a Yelp party that never came to fruition, with the stars being part of the Yelp theme.\n\nI find it fitting to add another one to my review of Sublime, because after consuming these treats, created especially for us, I now know what Mario feels like--super and invincible (but only for a limited time). \n\nThe princess may be in another castle, but that just means I'll need to get more magic orange-flavored stars..."
: "The main selling point of this restaurant is their relatively cheap food/drink.  They offer an $8 all you can eat buffet (w/ naan by request) and $8 pitchers of beer.  The food is not good but, if you're thirsty, it is a good deal.."
: "This is a jewel of an art museum, with an incredibly broad collection for a museum of this size. They have everything from ancient Egyptian to Japanese prints to video. They have an entire building dedicated to decorative arts of the Colonial period.\nTheir special exhibitions are always interesting. I particularly like the faculty art shows -- so fun to see new stuff and what a great range of talent.\nThis is one of the best places in Providence.\nThe museum is often free for special RISD events."
: "I love this place. I've been going there since I first discovered it a couple years ago and have been getting the same sandwich order since then, the chicken salad on cranberry walnut bread.  The food and fruit is always fresh and the pastries rotate seasonally.  Really chill atmosphere and a great place to sit down and grab lunch in Pasadena, that is if you can find a seat.  All in all, its one of my favorite places in pdena."
: "It was late in Harvard Sq and I was hungry. This place came to the rescue. Good pizza. My only complaint is that the slices are on the small side. At a place like this, you'd expect bigger portions."
: "I went here last week to meet some friends for dinner. We were seated about 10 minutes after arrival and we had a very gracious host.They have a very comfortable seating area to wait in. Once sat, our server was very attentive and polite, the back waiters as well. The food was great, we ordered a bunch of things for the table and there wasn't a thing I could say that was bad about any of it. Good beer selection which wasn't at all overpriced, the wine list was extensive. Next time I come I'll indulge a little more. This place is great."
: "Great sushi.. They have good baked rolls.. but The service is horrible.. Use to go here all the time until they treated us like we didnt pay or something. Waitress and waiters are a$$e$. other then that just dont dine in. order togo"
: "The stuffed spinach pizza is so good that I crave it all of the time.  I now live in San Diego and find it hard being so far from Del Fino's.  The pizza's so good that on my last rip to BC, Canada I even scheduled a long layover in Seattle, rented a car, and got my fixing of the pie before my second leg of the flight.  Love it!"
: "My family of four enjoyed our dinner last night at Califia.\n\nWe started with chicken drummettes. All four including kids liked them.\n\nWe had barely got the drummettes when the main courses arrived. They could have waited five minutes..\n\nI had the Japanese Beef curry. Very tasty. I asked the waitress for a wine recommendation and she recommended a great zinfandel. The only minus was that the wine serving was rather small.\n\nHubby had the fiery bottom pork rice bowl. He loved it but I found it a bit too spicy.\n\nKids had the pizza and spaghetti and meatballs. They enjoyed both.\n\nThe desserts were really good. Kids both had the ice cream cookie sandwiches with chocolate sauce. Ice cream is from Rick's ice cream in PA.\n\nHubby had ginger creme brulee with lemon cookies. He really enjoyed that.\n\nI asked for a single scoop of vanilla ice cream with chocolate sauce. That was really good.\n\nThe place is LOUD! We had to talk very loudly to hear each other.\n\nAlso, we had to wait 45 minutes for our table (we arrived at 6.45 pm on Saturday) but we walked down to Books Inc and shopped while we waited.\n\nWe will return!"
: "Goat cheese balls. Olive oil ice cream. Yum."
: "My experience tonight at Pattaya was lacking. I started off with a cold thai iced tea which ended up being a lot sweeter than I expected. Moving on to the appetizers, I ordered a spicy papaya salad that had shredded green papaya, freshly cut tomatoes, lime, red chiles, several pieces of shrimp, bean sprouts, onions, and topped off with dried peanuts. The texture of the salad was promising; the papaya providing a nice crunch. It drowned in dressing though, masking the taste of the beautiful ingredients. Finally for the entree I got the salmon with black bean sauce. The salmon was well cooked, but the dish was very heavy on the salt. \n\nDon't get the salmon here unless you're a fan of extremely salty food. Instead, try the chicken pad thai, which is usually a safe choice at Pattaya."
: "Aruffo's Italian Cuisine, located in the charming city of Claremont, is the place to go for an exceptional dining experience. Valerie & Tom Aruffo opened this gem in 1985, and have crafted Aruffo's into a sophisticated, successful restaurant known for an extensive menu of stellar dishes, including homemade Italian pastas, Angus steaks, fresh seafood, free-range poultry, and an array of heavenly desserts. The impressive drink menu features an extensive wine list, champagne & sparkling wine, cappuccino & espresso, cappuccino liqueurs, and various before and after drinks. The choices are practically endless.\n\nOne of many outstanding dishes is the Spinach Aglio E Olio. The various flavors fuse together to create a quite heavenly experience. Spaghetti pasta is tossed with fresh garlic and then saut\u00e9ed golden brown with extra virgin olive oil, tomatoes, and a generous helping of fresh spinach. The complementary flavors of these wonderful ingredients come together to create a simple, yet refined dish. You will be grateful that the portion sizes at Aruffo's are so generous, since you won't be able to get enough of this marvelous dish after the first bite.\n\nThe desserts are prepared fresh daily and are fabulous. The Chocolate Ganache is incredibly rich and decadent. Your taste buds will not be the same after they are bathed in the velvety texture and flavors of this fine dessert.\n\nTreat yourself and check out Aruffo's!"
: "Service is slipping.  I frequent this particular Starbucks often and I was appalled when my family of 6 recently stopped in.  Apparently dropping 6 coffee orders on them was overwhelming! (These guys better not move to Chicago or New York any time soon if they can't handle 6 coffees) What really chaffed me was the fact that they got one of the orders wrong and my adult son courteously pointed out that his order was incorrect.  The barista proceeded to instruct him on what he had ordered instead of owning up to the mistake.  He took what she made him without making a scene but what happened to the customer is always right?  PS  He orders the same thing every time so I know she messed it up."
: "I have a dry sense of humor, but not as dry as the mushroom power V crepe that I ordered.  Sounded absolutely wonderful on the menu, but wasn't.  No flavor, nothing to keep it together and the buckwheat crepe was....crummy and I mean crumbling apart. My friends has some different ones and they were the same...dry, no sauce at all.  The strawberry/fruit crepe at least has cream on it...add some sauce people!!  If we hadn't gotten them to go...would have gone back and said something."
: "A comfort food style pizza-\n\nThick, delicious crust. Great sauce. Fairly generous with cheese!\n\nWill be back soon!"
: "Sometime in the middle of the 20th century:\n\"Hello? Barbers' Emporium? I'll take one of the Complete Barbershop Starter Kits, with paneling style #1. What you only have one style? Perfect.\"\n\nReally, every true barber (you know, the ones with the stripey pole) I've been to has the same hue of tasteless wood paneling and the same drab color palette for every other accoutrement. Custom Barber Shop doesn't stray from the herd, and that's probably a good thing.\n\nThey're no nonsense, and will give you exactly what you want. I went in there on my lunch break, asked for a simple buzz trim, and they obliged. My hair deserved much more, and they probably could have done a gorgeous cut with scissors, but I asked for the buzzer, and they didn't try to talk me out of it.\n\n$13 for a basic cut (I suppose that could get you most of the way to dinner at Fire & Ice, but a visit there would be, how to you say, more transient), and the location is super-convenient for those out and about in the Square."
: "My first time at the MIT Museum  was at the Yelp Modulations party.\n\nI want to go back and bring my geeked-out friends along. The downstairs is interesting, but the real goodies are available on the second floor. The first floor highlight, pour moi, was checking out the strange toys and inventions (\"Claude Shannon's Ingenious Machines\") which were alternately delightfully creepy and sweetly precious.\n\nUpstairs, as many have mentioned, were buttloads of robots. Reading the placards next to many of their cases, I was amazed at how many were developed by MIT students at such a young age. It's amazing to think that your senior thesis project might go on to become a viable piece of medical technology that actually helps people, but I digress....\n\nThe holograms on display are awesome. My favorite were the \"moving\" holograms, in which a lady will blow you a kiss and one which shows a red line train eternally pulling into the Charles MGH T-stop sometime in the early 80's. It's pretty freaky to look at  representations of people, like artist Keith Haring, and know that they are now dead, yet have them look so real and so touchable in front of you.\n\nThe absolute best part of the museum was the gallery with Arthur Gascon's \"Gestural Engineering\" : utilitarian, machine-based artwork. I loved the 11 flying pieces of paper that flapped their wings like birds and the violin  whose strings were gently stroked by a feather. It was gorgeous, and better than anything I've seen recently at the ICA.\n\nFinally the \"Mind and Hand: The Making of MIT Scientists and Engineers\" exhibit, featuring academic paraphernalia such as textbooks, school supplies, uniforms and ephemera like dance cards, laundry receipts, and movie tickets dating from 1860 to the present was very touching. It made me wonder about the fates of these students and wonder what they did with all their wonderful potential."
: "I love this shop and the owner Natalie is always so helpful with offering sizes and style suggestions.  I've purchased a number of items from Groceries brand shirts to Blu Pepper blouses, printed maxi dresses and great Glam brand tops for a night out.  What I love about this store is the styles and brands are atypical.  I am able to pick up clothes that are fashion forward and reasonably priced."
: "Im a donut snob. To me, its Shipley's or nothing at all.\n\nBut this place seems as though they've copied Shipley's recipe and made a few adjustments to make a wonderful donut. \n\nThe kolaches aren't too bad either, and as always, its super cheap!"
: "I really enjoyed EVOO.  The atmosphere was very warm and inviting.  I felt instantly calm and happy to be there when we sat down.  I had the Cloudy Bay Sauvignon Blanc which was delightfully crisp and fruity.  I started with a field greens salad that had a goat cheese croquette to accompany it and some fresh raspberries.  It was a light and enjoyable salad.  I was excited to try the chicken they had that day but found out they had sold out.  Although I was dissaponited (it was only 7:30!) I can understand that when cooking with fresh ingredients you only have so much on hand.  I had the fish instead and although there was a bit too much skin on it for me, what it was served on (baby artichokes, green beans, olive tapenade) was a great blend.  My boyfriend had the mashed potatoes with his meal and they were so smooth and buttery I could have eaten all of his.  I wasn't as impressed with the desserts.  They were good, but almost too rich and I would have enjoyed something with a bit more flair and fresh flavor.  All in all, it was a really enjoyable meal and I look forward to going back."
: "Really?  No one has Yelped about Palmer?  I'm surprised.  This is such a great place filled with love, compassion and friendliness.  They have an event going on almost every night and most of the time, they are open to newcomers.  Their regular mass in the main church is very traditional and beautiful.  The organist and choir are amazing.  For the more modern folk, they have a mass called Mosaic every Sunday at 11 am in their smaller chapel, St. Bedes.  This is my mass of choice - it is complete with less archaic sermons and contemporary music with live performers.  They boast to 'come as you are' and they mean it.  Everyone is so welcoming and even if this faith is new to you, they are there for you.  There is a projection screen with the readings and songs displayed, so you are never lost.  The priests are always available for counsel after mass and they even have a prayer group present on a weekly basis accepting requests.  Every Wednesday, they have the 'great dinner' and it is all volunteers working, as is the case many of the events.  I've worked this many times - it is such a great experience filled with satisfaction and laughter.  The decor is beyond amazing and the flowers are always beautiful.  The campus is huge and they even have a place for kids to learn and a playground.  If you are new to the city and looking for a welcoming place to express yourself, learn about the faith, volunteer, pray or just meet people, Palmer is definitely the place to go for people of all ages."
: "Do you want a no-frills sandwich that does one thing well: tastes AMAZING?  Then this is the place for you.  They have all your typical deli-style sandwiches here: the Italian, ham and cheese, roast beef, tuna, etc.  The things that make it great for me?  The Italian vinaigrette (try the \"Italian Night Club\" and you'll see what I mean) and the soft, chewy French bread (you can also get thick-sliced multigrain bread if that's your thing).  Top it off with a bag of kettle chips or a pickle (the whole thing, not just a spear!) and you've got yourself a very delicious and satisfying meal."
: "There's only two reasons I ever venture out to Kendall... The Friendly Toast and Flat Top Johnny's.\n\nThat being said, I've never had their beers or their food, but I have certainly played a round or two on their billiards tables. The tables themselves are nice and the house cues are some of the better I've seen, but what really, really, really bugs me about Johnny's is that the tables are so damn close together. \n\nNow sure, I've been to many a pool hall, I know that you can't always get the space you need to make every shot, but on a busy night, it's near impossible to play a game of pool at Flat Top. If your cue isn't hitting the wall or a stool or a post, it's probably impeeding someone else's game, a waitress who wants to sneak by, or (in extreme cases), the entire bar staff (who's genius idea was it to put a pool table right next to the bar entrance?!)\n\nOn calmer nights you can usually get the run of the place, but stay away from the Saturday night rush."
: "The absolute tops for bars I visited in Ithaca! Friendly atmosphere;  fun, edgy bartenders;  home-grown brews and liquors;  live music on Friday;  a sassy kept boy who showed me his ass but insisted he wasn't flirting with me.\n\nFelicia's is a little quieter on Saturdays, but still worth a stop and chat/flirt with the bartenders, and the folks who are there with others will gladly strike up a short (or long!), pleasant conversation.\n\nWhen you go here, don't stick with your regular libation.  Some crazy lesbian has dreamed up stuff that will blow your socks off, so try one of their specialty cocktails, or you will, I promise, regret it.  I had some crazy-good drink with homemade beet syrup."
: "Dr Cox is great. I would have given 5 stars but my first visit there (a year or so ago) they goofed on taking impressions of my teeth and and ended up arguing (a tech and dr miranda, I belive) heatedly in the room with me, but ended up being ok."
: "The dishes are decent, staffs are nice, but a bit pricey. Lunch special can easily go up to $15+ per person.\n\nIf you are craving for Indian food but a more economic choice I highly recommend their Bruin Bowl ($5.5 or so, $1 for naan), which is the best value lunch special. 4 choices to pick including lamb and eggplants. It's not on their menu and for take out only. Remember to call ahead because it may take some time."
: "I had my optical drive fail along with my hard drive.  Needless to say I was upset my business files were one that computer. These guys were awesome not only did they fix my MAC and clean it up.  They called to give me updates, explained it all and after four days of retrieving data and dealing with me they only charged me for one and a half hours of work. They are pleasant, easy going and smart-what more could I ask for.  Dont bring your MAC anywhere else these guys are amazing.  great customer service, pleasant owners and fair prices-yes this is a great business."
: "I can't remember the last time I gave 1 star.  But, this visit to Rusell deserves it.\n\nFirst, we arrived at 8pm tonight, were told the wait was 30 minutes for the 4 of us and we waited an hour.  But, this happens, so no huge deal.\n\nAfter waiting an hour, we were seated upstairs at a table in the corner.  It was fine, but upstairs is extremely loud for eating.  When I went downstairs to use the bathroom a few minutes later, I noticed that there were at least 2 4-tops ready for seating... why hadn't we been seated there?  This is where the real 1-star part begins.\n\nHow many minutes to get water?  10.\nHow many minutes to get our first round of drinks?  About 15.\nThe pig's head appetizer?  Tasted like grease and that's it.\nThe complementary bread on the table was stale and the garlic/evoo dip tastes nearly rancid if you dipped your bread in far enough to get the garlic.\nThe sausage pizza?  Salt.  Bread, sausage and cheese are all salty on their own.  WHY would you add a bunch of salt on top of the pizza??\nBurger ordered medium?  It came out barely rare and also overly salted.\n\nWe're not a tough going crowd when it comes to restaurants, but all 4 of us had exactly the same strong reaction: come for drinks, leave for food and service.  It's too bad."
: "Multiple visits over many years and it's always the same. I use them only for emergency services. How can they knowingly, in good conscience, make sick pets wait over an hour in a room for help.  Then, after care is provided-make the pets wait another hour for \"the bill\"!  Even when I had to euthanize my cat, I had to wait in the room over an hour with a suffering pet. They apologized for the wait because they had to attendt to emergencies - I get that-  then have more people on a shift!  For it to happen every time I've been- eight times-makes me question their credibility.   Yes, this is a harsh review-but as many others have stated-they're all about the money.  My sick cat went in tonight and I was told she needed hospitalization so she could get fluids.  I brought it up that I could -and was willing-to give her the fluids at home-as I had been given that option for another one of my cats from our regular vet.  My experience has been that  VCA always recommends as many tests as they can-where other vets start with basic blood panel and go from there.  Don't get me wrong-the staff and Dr.s are very nice- it's just there is very little common sense utilized in regard to wait time and comfort for our pets. Again-emergencies only!!!"
: "Great Hookah lounge. The owners are great and the food is amazing make sure to try the tomatoe soup and there hummus"
: "The stores and service here is great. It also has an excellent atmosphere with all the plants and foliage, and overhangs. Plus, it has all the stores I like, so I do most of my shopping here. It isn't too expensive as some people say. There are very expensive retailers here, but there is also a wide selection of mid-ranged stuff, you just have to look around. \n\nParking is also really convenient with two parking structures in addition to an enormous lot. The location could use better food venues, and by \"better\" I mean cheaper.\n\nThis place does have a good amount of pretentious bourgeois. Often, older shoppers strut around with one hand carrying loads of expensive clothing, and the other holding a leash to a small dog wearing expensive clothing. Plus, you know the place is for the affluent when the security guards roll around in segways."
: "In all of my yelp days, only two restaurants have ever been deserving of a 1-star review. Well, last Thursday I discovered a third. Perhaps TFB is better known for their lunch menu? their bakery? the atmosphere? I all know is this patron (points to myself) won't be back for dinner again. \n\nI ordered the pappardelle, porcini & shiitake mushrooms which came with a hefty price tag of $16. $15.99 of that must have gone towards the interior design of the place because the flavor of the dish wasn't worth more than a cent. The pappardelle noodles seemed like they had been cooked days ago and popped in the microwave to reheat for a wee bit too long -- the texture was no where near the chewy al dente I'm accustomed to. What are they thinking serving TV dinner quality meals for fresh authentic Italian food prices? \n\nYou've been warned, yelpers! Save your money. Take it across the street to Miltos and pick up a nice pizza for half the price."
: "I used to live in the house right in front of/behind (?) Louie's, and so I'd stop over anytime I needed some fries.  They have the best, crispy fries everrrrrrrrrr.  Love them.  Louie's used to be on my speed-dial. \n\nI used to get their subs for dinner on almost a weekly basis.  HOLY CRAP I ALMOST FORGOT ABOUT THAT UNTIL I WROTE THIS!!!!  Sigh, those were some good times.  Any sub + fries + milkshake = PERFECTION.  I recommend the peanut butter shake.  Unless you're allergic.  Then go with the classic vanilla.  Can't go wrong with that.  Unless you're lactose intolerant, but so am I - I just suck it up and bear with the pain because it's *that* worth it.\n\nAnd Louie's is great because it's open during daylight AND twilight hours, so you can satisfy your cravings at any hour of the day, not just at post-boozin night-times."
: "Mehhh.\n\nThis place symbolizes much of what can be so frustrating about San Luis Obispo. The fact that it's so overwhelmingly successful on Yelp is disturbing and honestly makes me doubt taking suggestions from this site entirely.\n\nIt's great if:\n\n- You don't mind a turn and burn business ethic or fighting for a dirty table\n- You enjoy watching multiple simultaneous sports with a horde of other rabid fans\n- You are visiting from Fresno, Bakersfield, or a similar place\n- You enjoy an atmosphere where the majority of people's eyes are glued to huge screens rather than the people they came with or the food they are eating\n- You don't mind covering poor quality food with a ton of MSG laden seasoning, ranch dressing, and BBQ sauce that tastes like molasses\n- You like Hooter's\n- You like being a member of large, high intensity crowds\n- When you see a long line you think \"this place must be good\"\n- You were/are a jock, business or agriculture major, or are a member/want to be a member of the clique of prominent local good ol' boys\n- You are a nice person and don't mind appeasing friends who want to go there :)\n\nThat being said, there is definitely worse out there, which is why it gets 2 stars. I understand that it's a sports bar and the screens and people and everything are to be expected, and I love burgers and beers as much as the next guy. I just think there are much better places to do it."
: "One of my favorite parks. Its small, but its a good place to hang out."
: "This place always has a line, but I cant complain because their cookies and hot dogs and brownies are pretty cheap. Its just simple goodness here. I am always willing to wait in line for this place. The cookies are moist and soft. Ice cream choices are dryers flavor. This is a must stop place if you are in LA and want to delicious cheap cookies or a cookie ice cream sandwich for a buck. Parking is tough!"
: "I am addicted to the spicy salmon sushi (not the spicy salmon maki) and it is the main reason I keep coming back to Ye's.  I really like all the raw fish items on the menu but am not really that impressed by all the deep fried tempura stuff.  In the KW area, this place (either Kitchener or Waterloo location) is THE place to go when you need your unlimited sushi fix!  After years of operation they still have issues with occasionally bringing out the wrong items or not bringing them out at all.  Also, they tend to grab plates from in front of you too often so that it becomes a nuisance.  Am eagerly waiting for the new Sports World Crossing location in Kitchener to open."
: "Whenever there's a momentous occasion in my life, anniversary, graduation, or the like, I go to Pepper Sky. I love that place. The place is great which is kind of a double edged sword. It can get pretty full, but the wait is never too long. Service is okay, and the food is good. My personal favorite is the pad thai, you can never go wrong with the pad thai. Never. Actually, I know I need to try other things on the menu, I always sneak things of my friends plates and their delish! Next time I go there I'm going venture outside of comfort zone and get the green curry, well maybe, we'll see.\n\n  It's decently priced for a nicer restaurant it's not too expensive. If you're in the neighborhood, you should definitely stop in."
: "I was glad to think of this place on Saturday night when it was freezing out, my group of 4 were starving, and we were already told there was a 45 minute wait at our first choice restaurant. I had eyed Rangzen on my visits to the Cambridge Public Library, and have been very curious what Tibetan food would be like ever since. They seated us after just 5 minutes. Win!\n\nWell, this particular Tibetan food was... OK. Just OK. I'd give it 2.5 stars. For starters, we shared two types of bread. One was plain with just a little butter, and the other, superior, looked more like a wrap - vegetables baked into the crepe-like outside and wrapped around other veggies. As for my entree, I got a beef entree. It was shreded beef and mushrooms over bean noodles with tomatoes and potatoes and garlic. My biggest complaint is that the sauce was just very very thin - it was like an oily/watery tomato sauce. The very thin, small noodles got lost in the mix. I tried my boyfriend's chicken steamed dumplings, and these were alright, but they were very basic, and didn't go that well with the sauce they came with. \n\nSo yeah, that's nice that this restaurant is not too busy for walk-ins on 8:30 on a weekend night, but then again, I may not be going down this side street again except to pick up the latest best sellers.\n\nPS: The other couple I dined with got 2 cups of Poecha tea, the traditional butter tea of the region. I had read about it in Three Cups of Tea, but my friends liked it just as much as the author did - needless to say, they didn't finish it."
: "the spider rolls are good, as are the teriyaki chicken bowls.  i just wish they served sake.  the portions tend to vary in size, but mostly its pretty filling. :)"
: "Hmm I'm really not sure what the appeal for boba loca is other than the fact that it is the only real boba place within the 2 mile radius of UCLA. The atmostphere isn't that great and neither is the price. Actually, it's probably one of the most expensive boba places I've ever been to (ever check out quickly's or tapioca express?)\n\nAnd I don't really see how the place is a good place to study. The tables are tiny, there's often loud drunk college kids and/or traffic rushing about outside on Broxton and Weyburn, and theres always not enough plugs for your laptops. \n\nThe drinks are usually decent, but once in a while I get a bland drink that makes me very sad that I've spent almost 5 bucks for it. bleh"
: "I was visiting Harvard and hungry so I trusted Yelp to take me somewhere good. Oggi was a nice place, reasonably priced with seating. I really liked the cook, he was friendly and innovative when packing up my pizza. I got the pizza with garlic an basil It was a thin crust pizza that was very satisfying, I guess my eyes were bigger than my stomach because I ordered a whole and could only eat half of it. But it definitely got finished when I saw the rest of my family."
: "I have been going to Goode Company for nearly twenty years now, and in that time this BBQ icon has been consistently delicious every time.  As a matter of fact, my intense love of good Texas BBQ was nurtured at the Goode's establishment. \n\nThe building feels like what you'd expect of a good old fashioned BBQ joint, Texas decor, classic country music, and floors worn and scuffed from over three decades of cowboy boots.\n\nThe ribs and brisket have always been delicious and are can't miss items. As odd as it may sound, I highly recommend the BBQ duck, it is phenomenal. The homemade jalape\u00f1o bread and cold beer is a perfect way to compliment the great meat. \n\nAlthough many Texans may scoff at the idea of BBQ sauce, Goode co truly makes some of the best sauce around. You know it's good when vegetarians are warned that the sauce contains beef bits. I even had bottles of the sauce sent to me one year when I was studying in Europe (the most expensive sauce ever after transatlantic shipping!)\n\nThe sides are good as well. I tend the order the jambalaya.  I've never been a fan of beans or potato salad of any sort, so I can offer no judgement here. \n\nBefore you leave, be sure to grab some pecan pie, it's legendary in Houston. \n\nOverall, Goode Company has been one of my favorites and I would certainly recommend it to anyone searching for a good meal. \n\n(Folks from Lockhart are excluded from this recommendation as the notion of BBQ sauce is blasphemous to you)"
: "Yes it's a bit overpriced for things, yes the setup is a bit confusing as a newb. That being said it is huge portions of tasty, fresh and real food. They make it to order and it comes out hot when it needs to be. I am willing to pay more for that myself.\n\nI have had breakfast and lunch here now. I brought my dad for the breakfast trip. We debated the menu and finally settled on splitting a farmer's omelette with ham, potatoes, onions, green pep, swiss and cheddar. We also went halfsies on the cheese blintzes with strawberries and pineapple. Everything we ate was happy. It was more than enough for us and we enjoyed every bite. \n\nFor lunch I brought my mom. I sampled a lemon chicken salad with a muffin. Mmmm a happy salad indeed. Marinated chicken breast served hot over mixed greens with red onions and alfalfa sprouts. It's served with with tomato wedges, strawberries and oranges and topped with pecans. I ate every bit. My mom had a chicken salad and fruit plate with strawberries, cantaloupe, honeydew melon, fresh pineapple, bananas, apple wedges and orange wedges. It was garnished with frozen yogurt. Impressive and it made her extremely happy.Everything was ripe and tasty.\n\nI will bring James here sometime when he can wait. I hear weekends can be a zoo."
: "Rum raisin ice cream. Awesome.  Lots of froyo options next to the classic 'cream and coffees. Cozy shop. Delish."
: "Went to Grendel's Den for the first time this weekend and was pleasantly surprised!  Have been to Harvard Square a million time s and some how never checked out Grendel's.  All food was half price if you buy a drink.  In season they offer warm cider drinks.. can't wait to go back and try em.  Cute and cozy inside with a fireplace (wasn't lit while we were there).  Staff was friendly but not over the top.  I would reccomed this place after a day of shopping or for a snack and a drink if you are looking to relax."
: "I 100% agree wtih Heather Q. This place is EXACTLY like Anna's Taqueria... in fact I have a theory they are owned by same people and they just spruced up Felipe's for the Harvard crowds. \n\nSo basically, very good, cheap Mexican... but more expensive than Anna's... and Anna's has better carnitas."
: "Zoe's is a great little brunch spot that does all the classics well (I'll have to make a return trip to try some of their Greek fare), filling you up for dirt cheap. Order the My 3 Sons breakfast and you'll get three eggs cooked any style, 3 pieces of bacon, 3 sausages, 3 pancakes (I opted  for the sweet potato ones which were just a tad bit dense for me), and the most delicious hash browns--all for $10. After a night of drunken debauchery (my new favorite phrase), that meal--which was delivered on two GIANT plates--was just what the doctor ordered."
: "Bookstores are getting very bad at the moment due to people spending all their money on food and ugly cloths, and of course the internet, but Moes has managed to remain a fairly good bookstore, especially the fourth floor.  Always something to find there, and a friendly staff.  In better times there would be much more."
: "This place isn't anything special. The people are nice but they're boring and they seem like they only smile because they might lose their job if they do not. There are a couple of really ditzy people working there that just stand around and forget directions. Other than that, it's an okay place for a sandwich."
: "So I found this place thanks to a former fling from Harvard who insisted on us meeting here for a beer. A couple of weeks later, I ditched the dude but kept this little gem of a place. Since my best friend/tutor lives in Porter, and I live in Kendall, this was a good meeting place for us to work on homework together. And working on homework over a nice (cheap) pint of beer can't get any better. \n\nThe waiters/bartenders are friendly enough. The food is just pub food, but they have half-price food between 5:30 and 7:30 and then later at night again (I think). So that works pretty well."
: "I have never written a review before, for any restaurant, but decided to after our experience last night. We have been going to The Clay Pit pretty regularly for the last couple of years. The food is always wonderful. The other consistent thing we could always count on was the service, or lack there of. For some reason, we never get good table service when we dine there. That is, until last night. Derek, our waiter was exceptional. It was with a doubt one of the best experiences we have ever had. He was beyond attentive, timely, and charming."
: "It's starbucks, and it's very busy. I usually come here because it's convenient on the way to the bus stop, and their coffee isn't too bad. The service is so slow, but it's a popular location, so I guess I can't blame them. Moderately priced and decent service"
: "Kind of a hit or miss... Some of the food is pretty good though. Last time I went I was truly happy with the cajan fried catfish... although some of their dishes have been too heavy or processed flavors. The chips and salsa are mediocre and the margaritas are good but overrated. Despite my bickering, this is a pretty good place everyone should try... If you like a little cajan spice, try something off the texican menu... The food prices are very reasonable, and the service is usually pretty good (fast). Anyhow, make a run for the taco bell and try the border."
: "If I could give this place zero stars, I would. I have eaten there twice, once because it was across the street from my then-office and I needed lunch, and once because we were on the way to a football game and needed some dinner.\n\nBoth times the food was mediocre, at best. This place must only stay in business because of college kids who need a 24-hour place within stumbling distance.\n\nThe worst part, though, was the service the second, and last, time I ate there. We were seated for at least 15 minutes before the server even acknowledged our presence. Our drinks arrived a few minutes later, but no one came to take our order for another 15 minutes. Knowing that the first time I'd eaten here, I hadn't enjoyed my food that much, I asked the waiter what the specialties of the house were. He couldn't tell me. He asked me what I liked. I said, \"I like food that tastes good.\" I don't even remember what he said after that, but I didn't get a recommendation. I ended up just picking something. \n\nAfter waiting another half hour for our food to arrive, a woman, who I can only guess was the manager/owner, told our server to check on our orders as tables of folks who came in at at the same time and after us had already finished their meals. The server ascertained that our order was not in the queue and assured us that he had told them what to prepare, and the kitchen was making it.\n\nEventually we got our food, and it was, as previously mentioned, nothing to write home about. I can safely say that my sandwich was among the worst sandwiches I've ever paid for, and the fries that came with it were limp, lifeless and...kind of cold. This after we'd been sitting there for at least an hour total. \n\nAfter we'd finished eating, we waited and waited, and had to ask for our check, twice. And then my dining companion had to stand up at the cash register to finally get the bill paid. I'd feel for the server if he had several big parties or something, but there really weren't that many people there.\n\nIf the food or the service had been stellar, I would have said that the City Cafe is a respectable establishment for what it is, but it was just a horrible dining experience all around. At least they serve Newcastle."
: "The service was tops, which is why it's getting three stars. My Fattoush salad, which is my standby and barometer for Mediterranean places, was drenched in lemon juice and far too tart. The acidity of the dressing made the lettuce go limp almost right away, and the color of the thing was almost entirely yellow, due to some lackluster tomatoes and cukes. \nThe babaganoush was over-tahini'ed, although the garlic spread was great, and so was the black sesame-olive-oil dip. The taboule was the shining crown in the meal, since the falafel was...well, it's falafel. \nAnyway, our meal wasn't on par with the takeout we used to get in Chicago, so two stars would've sufficed were this a food review only. \nBut our waiter was nice and attentive and the owner of the restaurant came over to say hello--always a nice addition. \nOh. The beer: Dale Brothers Brewery, from neighboring Upland, CA. Pomona Queen was nice, a darker ale. Jim had the Dale Brothers Black Bear, which was had too many barley notes for my taste."
: "I live around the corner from this place and have only been a handful of times, but that was my mistake. \n\nLast week I had an awesome dinner while sitting at the bar and making my way through the list of exotic beer taps. \n\nHere's what I love about 1018 aside from the sophisticated and friendly vibe and big open windows: The owner is anal about serving organic, fresh products and that's good. \n\nRumor has it that he's working on a rootop garden and within one year plans to grow all his vegetables on the premises. \n\nWith my newfound appreciation for salads (yes, salads!) and healthy food, Bistro 1018 is definitely going to be a common stop for this cowboy."
: "We've been eyeing this place for weeks since we walk by all the time and saw all the construction going on. Was walking to happy hour one day and decided to come in here instead to try out the food...\n\nThe decor is nicely done and looks pretty fancy. However don't expect an intimate dinner, they got the music blasting quite loudly the while night. I think that's pretty good for coming during happy hour, but not for a real dinner... \n\nThe drinks looked yummy and certainly were, too bad the ice to drink ratio was more like 3:1. And the check starts adding up fast. On top of it all the waitress spilled mojito on my Burberry jacket, thanks... thought maybe I would get offered a free drink, but no such luck. Thank goodness you can't see any stains...\n\nNow the food... meh? Prices are certainly up there. $17 for 2 enchiladas. Sure wasn't bad and certainly better than Acalpulco down the street but nothing to write home about. Al pastor tacos was just ok. Meat wasn't super tender, the tacos were on the thick side and too soft to hold up the big glop of meat. Honestly I've had way better from hole in the wall joint with $2 tacos... \n\nWould I come back again? Sure, if I get too tired the cook and just want to walk down the street. But honestly can't say I would much prefer this to Aculpolco where the portions are larger, pricers cheaper and drinks stronger..."
: "Great service! Waitresses were very friendly and we got a complimentary Miso soup. One of my favorite rolls is the Red Dragon Roll! It tastes great but besides that, all the rolls we ordered weren't very filling for the price we paid. I liked the hand rolls deal they're having (2 for 6): I recommend the spicy tuna one."
: "Best comedy in town! Granted, it's the only comedy stop I made while I was in Boston, but I\"m pretty sure no one could do it better.  This one is located in the attic of a Chinese restaurant and only 12$ to get in. BIG and LITTLE stars stand up here.  Don't miss this laugh a minute show in Harvard Square."
: "I think this is a first of it's kind of truck?  Please excuse me if I'm wrong.  But this was a great idea to nab a restaurant on wheels and serve up tasty, sweet, succulent lobster out of the back.  I got the Lobster Roll (of course!) and it was decently priced, although I wouldn't spend that much on lunch everyday.\n\nMy friend and I had downed our lobster rolls before our third friend had ordered and recieved their food from the neighboring food truck.   It was that GOOD!"
: "Went here because my brother-in-law and his fiancee were treating us and they like this place and so we followed. Here's my visit. \n\nAmbiance: I learned from my future sister-in-law that the restaurant is owned by members of a local Reggae band and so hearing reggae music being played all night and seeing colorful artwork and tables throughout the place didn't throw me off. Yes, the decor and feeling of the place didn't really fit with the more upscale food and plates they are trying to produce, but it was relaxing enough and I didn't mind the contrast. \n\nService: There was one bar tender and one server. Both did their jobs and payed enough attention to the house and their guests. There were a few times I wanted more water or a drink refill or dirty dishes cleared but for the most part our server was fine. \n\nFood: I'm quite surprised with a lot of the negative reviews written about the food. Most low star entries talk about the blandness of the food and I found that to be far from the truth.\n\nKangeroo dip: Cheesy, gooey, creamy, delicious dip accompenied by well seasoned what seemd to be homemade tortilla chips. The portion is a humble one so our table of five could have used a second round but it nonetheless was a nice start to our meal.\n\nBasket O' Fries: Double fried french fries with three dips to choose from. An obvious nod to Belgian style fries and I was very happy with them. Even though I thought the ingredients listed in the description came already on top of the fries, I had fun alternating between the tasty side dips and enjoyed the texture of the somewhat smoky tasting fresh cut fries. Good stuff. The curry dip was my favorite but the chil mayo and garlic aioli were nice as well.\n\nBuffalo Whole Chicken Wings with Blue Cheese: A good wing with a good blue cheese for dipping. Not reinventing the wheel here. Just a nice buffalo wing. They do give you the whole wing so some tearing and pulling is called for which I'm not a fan of but not a big deal and nothing that will ruin the dish.\n\nBaltimore Whole Chicken Wings with Ranch: This wing was different and delicious. The old bay seasoning was all over the chicken giving it a dry rub texture and feel. The taste is tangy with a little kick that goes great with the juicy chicken and creamy ranch. A delicious treat. This is the type of wing to get and I will certainly be getting them again in the future.\n\nBeet and Goat Cheese Flat Bread PIzza: Didn't have a bite of this one but my wife enjoyed it so much she didn't even offer.\n\nFish & Chips: Took a bite of my brother-in-law's fish and it was nice. Good texture and flavor. The fish is a whole fillet on the plate so the presentation was impressive. Not sure if I would personally spend $17.50 for fried fish not mattering the quality though.\n\nDrinks: Their drink list is impressive and shows off a lot of local beer but also beers from micro brews around the country. My first drink was Ithaca Beer Co.'s Cascazilla. A real nice hearty, sort of sweet, hoppy red ale. Several levels of flavor and it helped me forget the poor showings from Scale House I experienced the day before. For my second drink I wanted the Mad Elf but much like any restaurant with a large drink list there is a high chance things may be sold out and that was the case with this one. Instead I followed my Northwest roots and got a Red Hook Wit. A belgian style beer that was light and refreshing with hints of ginger. It was very tasty and I also liked the more stout looking bottle the beer came in. It's nice to see Seattle being represented in the beer list and Northstar choose a good one to do so. \n\nLast thoughts: Really this place is a winner. With great food and good drinks there's little I would want more. Sure the feel of the place is somewhat off and the service wasn't spectacular but that can't stop the fact that I enjoyed myself very much and would for certain would come back here. I'm already planning on treating my brother-in-law and his fiancee to a Northstar meal the next time I'm back in town."
: "I like this theater a lot- but there ARE a few things I'm not a fan of.\n\nCons:\n- Some screens don't actually have stadium seating. This was really annoying when I went to an extremely crowded showing of a movie and was stuck behind an enormously tall man.\n- Buying tickets from the outside booth can sometimes suck a ton. In the winter, especially while waiting for the midnight showing of Rocky Horror, the line is LONG and the clothing is skimpy, thus rendering me into a shivering, sniffly mess of a girl. I know that this is part of the whole Rocky experience, but sometimes, I a girl just wants to be warm.\n\nPros:\n- Close to things, like CVS, to buy candy and other reasonably priced movie snacks.\n- Attentive staff. A couple sat in the back row of a theater I was in and were making ridiculous amounts of noise. Stomping and jiggling their feet so that I (sitting rows and rows in front of them) could feel it through the floor., talking loudly, snorting/hacking, yelling at each other, etc. The person sitting directly behind me got an attendant to alleviate the situation. The attendant came in, escorted the couple out when they threatened him, and made for a much more satisfactory experience. He did this all without totally disturbing the rest of the audience's viewing of the show. Kudos to him!\n- Rocky Horror showings. And watching my friend go through a series of rigorous virgin tests..."
: "Excellent spot for music.  Round the corner, the sister video store is cool.  I think it's called Cinema Paradiso.  I give this 4 instead of 5 b/c their selection doesn't hang w/ Amoeba."
: "We're on the crazy side of being vegetarians, but we're not rabbits and we don't like eating as such.  We just don't like our food to accidentally have meat on it due to the rigors of preparing food in a commercial kitchen, so we usually ask for cutters/knives to be cleaned for pizzas or the food to be prepared such that some level of care is taken to make sure that we're not accidentally eating meat.  \n\nThe people at Emma's were **incredibly** patient with our requests.  They didn't blink at all and were extremely courteous even going so far to mention that another couple comes in and regularly asks for the same.\n\nThe lady who was our server (didn't get her name though) was beyond friendly and really made us feel welcomed.  \n\nOh --- and the pizzas were great.  I suppose that's slightly important as well.  We'll certainly be back."
: "For 4 years I hopped between optometrist, looking for the one who is a perfect fit (ha) for my windows to my soul. EyeQ got two visits out of me. I saw Dr. David Luria during both trips.\n\nBack in 2004 I was an contact-lens-only wearer. Things went well - appointment, exam, payment. If you wear contacts, you know that in order to purchase lenses with other vendors, you have to submit numbers like lens power, base curve, etc. As I paid, I noticed that the numbers were different on two separate documents they handed me - both written by Dr. Luria. I pointed this out, and one of them said:\n\n\"Oh, don't worry about it -- here I'll just fix that,\" \n\nand randomly grabbed one form to change the numbers to match. To this day I don't know if he picked the right one. No one called for Dr. Luria; didn't seem like they cared, either. \n\nIn 2007, I returned, after trying a couple of other doctors in the area and not feeling the right vibe. Despite the above, I remembered that the EyeQ guys were extremely nice, so I decided to give them another try. I had also finally decided to get a pair of glasses, and these folks were notorious for having interesting frames that didn't make you look like a Level 56 Nerd. So I walked in on the day of my appointment:\n\nCounter folks: \".... hug everyone!\"\nMe: \"Mm? You guys giving out free hugs?\"\nCounter folk: \"Um. SURE!\"\n*HUGS*\n\nSo by now I was thinking, aw, I'm home. I then said, \"I'm looking for glasses that, how do I say this, uh, NOT make me look even more Asian.\"\n\nAnd they totally got it. So some pairs were tried and I found my glasses, which I like (don't love - but like enough to wear, which is quite an accomplishment) to this day.\n\nGoing well so far! Next: appointment w/ Dr. Luria. He performed a few tests, and said he would like a follow-up test in a couple of weeks, that he was concerned about one of the test results. We scheduled that. \n\nTwo weeks later, we did the test again. \n\n\"Looks great! Results are much better. There is one more thing,\" and he went to put some eye drops in my eyes for reasons I can't recall. At which point he stopped short and said, looking a bit startled,\n\n\"Oh. Did you have contact lenses in during that whole test?\" (The test two weeks ago was sans lenses. I considered bringing this up, but decided he was going to be staring at my eyeballs all through that test, therefore would see them, and deduced he wanted them to stay in.)\n\n\"Um, yes.\"\n\n\"Oh. Well, we should have taken them out for the test.\"\n\nNo mention of re-testing. I was given the eye drops, sent home. I never went back. \n\nSo, here's an OPTOMETRIST who FAILED TO SEE THAT I'M WEARING CONTACT LENSES THROUGH AN EYE EXAM. I don't even have a good metaphor for this to try and be funny about it. (Mechanic not seeing the car cover? Designer wondering why clothing fits funny when the model is already dressed?)\n\nEyeQ, you're hip and cool, your glasses are stylish, but you know, stylish glasses do jack sh-t if your eye exams FAIL. For those of you who took the time to read this mess of a post, I recommend using these guys as a frames shop only, for the sake of your vision. \n\n5 Stars for friendliness/great products, minus 3 for er.. failed optometricising."
: "Maybe I came on an off day, because I don't see why everyone's raving about this place. I know they've been around since 1965, but the doughnut I tried tasted as if it had been sitting there since 1965. Then again, if you're a UCLA student, you probably have the munchies so anything tastes good. If you want a really good doughnut, try Bob's at the Farmer's Market near the Grove."
: "Very good pizza, if slightly expensive.  My only complaint is that they make their crust a little too salty, but that's just me."
: "Pork belly n kimchi on a Portugese sweet role? Sign me the fuck up. For only $3 it may be the best value in food. The sweet fries are amazing and the dumplings are some of the best I've ever had. Need to go back and try more of the menu. I'm 100% positive it's all incredible. Follow @MamaKimsKbbq on twitter, find out where she's at, and eat the shit out of this place. \n\n    Just had the spicy fried chicken. Amazing. Ill have dreams about this shit."
: "One of the best and only real clubs in Collegetown (see Pixel...although I rarely see people dancing there and I think of Pixel as more of a lounge than Level B). Everything else? The pits (see review for Dino's or look up the Palms...ew). \n\nThis place is relatively clean, spacious, and usually plays decent music. Look, you're not going to get anything classier around here. A few things that have me coming back? Sufficiently stiff drinks. A good sized dance floor. Fishbowl night! Drink specials. Ample seating. It's dark (so you can almost imagine you're not in Ithaca, if you want!). \n\nSomething I hate? Sometimes there's a cover. A COVER? REALLY? In Ithaca? You've gotta be kidding me. I never go in at that time."
: "service was extremely slow, smaller portions.  pretty authentic, but wish the portions and food were faster.  perhaps i'm biased because i've been to better."
: "I like the location in Westwood by UCLA.  We sat in a small lounge area across from the bar.  I enjoyed the vibe, the decor, and the crowd.  Since we were in the bar area, our server was one of the bartenders and she didn't spend much time with us.  -1  The menu is extensive.  We got the jalapeno spicy tuna roll (yum! :) and the fire roll, both of which were good.  I heard that Happy Hour is good, so maybe I'll come back for that."
: "Friendly staff, neighborhood atmosphere, and tasty food.  The Szechuan dishes are very spicy, but really delicious -- dun dun noodles, Suan Chow Show dumplings with bean spouts both excellent.  We also liked the Mongolian beef (arrived on a sizzling platter),  egg rolls (crisp and not at all greasy), and scallion pancakes."
: "Country Junction is a neighborhood breakfast joint/country cookin' diner, think Waffle House but locally owned. The reason to go here is that its totally cheap. Where else can you get breakfast for $3?\n\nIs it sort of grimey and slow..Yes. But it's also a nice place to escape the herd at Elmo's and Weaver St."
: "Overall this restaurant is pretty good for burgers and fries.  The meat is flavorful and juicy and they have some interesting things on the menu, such as hummus and falafel plates, dolmas, persian burger, etc.   \n\nHowever, you MUST order the mushroom and cheese sandwich - not the mushroom burger, mind you.  Yes, its veggie, and it's great.  The mushrooms taste delectable and there is this creamy-ish sauce that, along with the cheese, melts in your mouth.  I've also had the mushroom burger, which is also good, but I actually prefer it without the meat.  Either one is a great option for any of you mushie lovers out there.... Goes great with a side of fries!"
: "I tried out Antico Pizza based upon an article I read on Sky Miles magazine wherein Antico was highlighted. Upon my first bite of this pizza, I was hooked and wanted to come back again for every single meal I had while at Atlanta. \n\nNever in my wildest dreams I would have the best and most authentic Italian pizza in Southern America. I highly recommended anyone visitng or living in the Atlanta area and farther out to come to Anitco Pizza. It's only a matter of time before Antico will be shown on those tourists shows on the Travel Channel and the Food Network."
: "colossal margaritas, awesome tex-mex fare, reliably good service with a smile, fun crowd, colorful decor - what's not to love?  \n\ni love spicy food in general.  they have lots of spicy food.  i'm talking, you'll be like a fire-breathing dragon after eating some of their spicier dishes, spicy!  order a glass of water w/ your margarita(s), b/c you will otherwise be tempted to drink it like the sweet treat it is then suddenly proclaim in the middle of dinner [like i did], \"wow! I AM REALLY DRUNK!\"  really, the margaritas are HUGE and sweet.  take your time and enjoy yours.\n\ni have never been a fan of salsa w/ fruit in it, but they have one here that is freaking awesome.  i think it had pineapple in it?  the chickpea chili is just - OMG, nom NOM NOM!!!  i got the pico burrito w/ black beans - also delicious.  i couldn't finish it but oh my damn was it the best midnight snack later on that evening.  the menu is pretty funny w/ spanglish titles - my vegetarian burrito was found under the section titled \"burritos para los vegheads,\" and there's one in that section titled \"the angry hippie burrito\" LOL!   the varied wings are listed simply as \"los wingos\" and while i don't remember the flavor my friend had, i remember them being very tender and cilantro-y when i tasted.  yum.  score again, mad mex. \n\neveryone in our party of 5 was happy, and not just b/c of their margaritas.  very tasty food and an all-around good experience.  yeah, it's a chain, but it's pretty damned good for chain fare.  i'm kind of sad they don't have any locations in the DC area.  i will definitely go back next time i'm in PA.  who wants to be my designated driver?"
: "LOVE THIS PLACE!!!! I'm always on the prowl for a delicious philly cheesesteak and after tasting the one at Hog Island I have no need to look any further! Perfect bread, perfect amount of cheese and the meat is tender and juicy...my mouth is starting to water just writing this.  My husband and I have a toddler and don't get \"our time\" a lot - this place made for a perfect lunch date!! We'll definitely be back!"
: "Sooo Yummy! My friend and I stopped in at the new Thai Spice on the drag and were really surprised! The pad thai was really good but so was the sushi and the happy hour special! It was also really affordable and you get a good amount of food for what you pay. Definitely coming back to this trendy little place."
: "I have to admit I haven't been here in a while. Back in the day, this was the cool movie place to go. They had first runs of all the new indie films that no one else would show.  I remember going here to see Bent, It's In The Water and a lot of other crazy stuff.  The staff was always friendly and the crowds were usually serious movie buffs who would actually remain quiet.  With the advent of Netflix, etc, I'm not sure there's as much of a need for theaters like this anymore.  But I do still occasionally go and it's always fun."
: "Eff it. I know it's a truck and it doesn't have like, tables or... an address but this place really is great! Fresh ingredients, homemade baked goods and creative combinations make the walk over to this foodtruck worthwhile.\n\nThis is not one of those places (like Grasshopper in Allston) that exploit the fact that most vegetarians are effing starving and will eat whatever garbage you tell them is vegan.  These guys make stuff that tastes good to all people, vegans and omnivores alike.\n\nGive this place a try sometime if you are getting bored of whatever random thing you usually get at the Kendall food court.  Try a chick pea fritter sandwhich and a rosemary french fries."
: "Yes, the jewelry is cheap and sometimes the clothes smell, but every once in a while you can find a real gem.\n\nSome stuff is definitely not worth the $3.99, but others are a steal.  Sunglasses, housewares, dresses, leather jackets (if you find a cool one), and lotsa costume-y things like suspenders, wigs, etc.  \n\nI don't know if it's somewhere I'd drive out of my way to, but there is an Urban Outfitters, Victorias Secret, Aahs and American Apparel on the same street, and a Buffalo Exchange a block over.  (Plus it's an excuse to grab an ice cream sandwich at diddy riese!)"
: "This rating requires a story.  Once I tried cooking mongolian beef at home.  I was disappointed with the results.  But at that point I hadn't eaten mongolian beef in many months, and I wasn't sure if I did it incorrectly or if my memory of mongolian beef was better than it actually is.  So I decided to go out to a Chinese restaurant to see what it should be, to compare it to my first-time rendition.  And this was the place I ended up at.  And it tasted nearly the same.  And I still didn't like it.  Since I hadn't been to this place much before, I decided to give my recipe another point of comparison and went to a Chinese restaurant elsewhere that people actually recommend.  And I enjoyed its beef.  And thus I learned that my rendition was indeed bad and in the process learned something about this restaurant..."
: "The doctor was GREAT, she saw me after hours for an eye infection. I was in dire need of an optometrist and she was nice enough to stay open after hours and on the weekend."
: "I am very pleased to say that this 'little' place has THE best nachos Ive ever had. I couldnt even eat them all. They were called \"Gringo nachos\" lol..I guess because when they add the meat, it changes the way its done in Mexico. I had mine with chicken, OMG, it was very moist, very nice big pieces of meat. The dish was very large and had a good richness....you will not leave hungry. My son and my boyfriend each had a super burrito, carne asada and chile verde. They are picky about their super buritos and were delighted to say that this place is a thumbs up! we will go back. The salsa is good, its hot. It does sit on the tables. I dont think they should keep that type of salsa the way its served on the tables? hmmm. Its a fresca style salsa with a kick. The place is small but great, the waiter we had was very nice and didnt leave us waiting even though it was packed."
: "Thought I'd contribute my review as a grad of GSAS, French Cultural Studies MA program. The program was a really small, intimate group of 12 and classes are conducted in French in Paris at the Reid Hall campus (with mandatory classes taken in French universities). \n\nFor anyone considering this program here are my thoughts.\n\nPros:\n-In Paris\n-Takes three semesters for the MA; from Sept Y1-Oct Y2\n-Small class size, students are well vetted and you really feel like you are among your academic peers\n-Some of CU's, France's and the UK's best and brightest (and well published) profs \n-Campus is small but beautiful and has many a quiet area for study\n-Semester three is all about writing the thesis; there are no classes (even though you pay for the semester, so this could maybe be a con) so you could conceivably get a job and/or travel while writing\n-Very nice/helpful administrative staff at Reid Hall\n\nCons:\n-Very literature focused for a \"cultural studies\" program; this could have something to do with the French view of cultural studies, but as a sociologist, it was frustrating to have to keep explaining what I wanted to write my thesis on and to fight for a thesis advisor that was not a literature professor, but (in my case) an urban sociologist\n-The dean is pretty hands off, so look elsewhere if you encounter problems\n-There's not a ton of special financial aid (one merit scholarship, based on French language skills, I believe), but it's only three semesters \n-Had some difficulty with the guy who has the racket on housing, but after complaining (a lot) I was moved to another apartment after 6 weeks\n\nIf you do decide to do the program, I would recommend looking into the CAF (aid the French gov. at least used to provide for all students, even foreigners); getting an apartment on your own to avoid the overhead of the guy who's in charge of the apartments (it's not as hard as it sounds; the entire city basically illegally sublets with little problems); and if you plan to work at all, you can plan around knowing that semester three has no classes just the thesis to write."
: "TINTURA - AMAZING SALON, AMAZING TALENT, AND THE JESUS OF HAIR SAVING.\n\nIn life, we are forced to make many difficult decisions - one of the hardest, is of course, choosing the right hair salon. If we are lucky enough, however, sometimes fate will bring us to the best choice.\n\nMy experience at Tintura was incredible, considering they had done their best to save my hair. Here's the background story:.\n\n     Earlier in the afternoon I had had a dreadful experience at another salon (Salon Bloom). My hair was completely destroyed - considering the hairdresser had literally chopped off the top of my hair into a bob, and kept the bottom of my hair (which was to my mid-back) untouched. The hair cut cost me $85, and it literally looked my hair went into a war zone with the top half and the bottom half on opposite sides of the battle field. I was devastated and drove to the first hair place that could I find. \n\n     I drove into the Claremont Village and saw that Tintura's door was open. I walked in, red and puffy from a cry fest which had ensued for hours. Doris, the owner, greeted me. I told her that I had just come from a haircut and was extremely upset. She sat me down to look at the cut. She realized that my hair was a disaster and needed a good fix. Unfortunately, she told me, that the salon was closing within the next few minutes and that I could set up an appointment for the week, considering that they were booked. I told her I understood and was dismayed by yet another unfortunate event. Instead of sending me off, Doris kept me and asked her master stylist, Danielle (if I am not mistaken), if she would stay later. From the kindness of both of their hearts, they agreed to keep the doors open for just a little bit longer to fix the disaster ensuing on my head. Doris and Danielle were in the midst of clients, when they looked to see how they could fix my hair. They examined the angles, the different possibilities, and all through which, they were incredibly sincere and genuine. I waited for a few minutes, until Danielle was done with her current client.\n\n     Danielle was supposed to leave right after, but opted to stay to fix my hair. She talked through my choices and recommended the ones which would be most favorable to what I needed. In order to save it completely, I needed a good chop, one which I was not willing to make, considering my hair had already gone through a brutal chop I had not asked for. She figured a way to calm the dreadful layer and adjust the length to better fix the cut. She warned that to completely fix my hair would take time because I did not want to snip off the hair I had been trying to desperately grow. She spent a good 45 minutes adjusting, texturing, blending, and doing everything she could to make my hair look like actual hair, versus the waves of disgust the other salon had shaped it to be. She literally saved my hair.\n\n     The entire time I was getting my hair cut, both Danielle and Doris were incredibly sweet and comforting. They were not pushy and kept laughing at my constant, apologetic behavior. I was beyond grateful. When it came time to pay, Doris gave me a 20% discount, considering the haste of my situation and all of the problems I had gone through. I finally left with a smile on my face. Even though my hair has not fully recovered, it is in the best shape it could be (under the circumstances), and was cut by a professional stylist who actually cared enough to make a girl feel good about herself.\n\nFrom the depth of my heart, thank you."
: "Eastern Accents is quite tasty, I ate there for lunch today!\nThe curry beef bun is off the hook, as well as the bi bim bap.  Their sriracha sauce is different than the stuff you normally get with bi bim bap, but it is hella tasty!\nLunch was about $10."
: "it depends on what type of person you are when you go here. if you want to go somewhere to sit down and be served on hand and foot, it's not for you. if you don't mind getting your own dishes, drinks and water, then this place is great for you!!\nthe prices are pretty good (6-12 dollars an item) and the food is so very tasty. i go here all the time!"
: "Came here a few nights ago and omg I hated it hated it wanted to go home bad service took the waitress about 30 mins ,give or take a few, to take our order kept saying she was Gonna refill our drinks yet had to ask another employe because she was taking to long but I give it 2 stars instead of one because I kind of felt bad for them since a large group of loud and obnoxious ghetto \"people\" came in and there were only 2 waiters/waitresses for the whole place but the ghetto pack of low lifes were extremely Loud nasty ugly hoochie thug outfits practically barking at our ears eh not coming back"
: "Yummmm!!!! I LOVE Joes Crab Shack!!! This was our second trip there over the past 2 months. I love the fun atmosphere! We had the steampot both times, me the sunset fire grilled and my wife the diablo. Both were phenomenal! The seafood is cooked to perfection,  reasonably priced, and nice sized portions. The andouille sausage that comes with the succulent crabs is amazing!!!! \nGo To This Place!!! You will have a blast (great for a birthday dinner as the do more than just sing, they REALLY embarrass the bday victim!)\nJust wish there was one closer!!!"
: "I've ate here a few times. It didn't blow me away to keep on coming back for more. Not only that I just don't want to have to be dressed up to eat here all the time. They have a pretty cool bar and the stone floor makes me wobble with my heels on (an accident waiting to happen!) I've notice the waitresses here get clumsy breaking things. They do get pretty busy due to being in a business/hotel area and I've ran into Tony Hawk there once. =)"
: "\"Excruciating\" - my boyfriend's after dinner analysis of our 2 hour experience at Elements. It was his birthday and we both got the 3-course tasting menu. The ambiance was stuffy and the server was stuffy. The tables were very wide - I felt like I was a mile away from my boyfriend (but I suppose this did give more room for food). \nWe didn't really like the first course nor the palate cleansers. The main course - the tuna was very good. Although I didn't like the fact that pork jus was not mentioned on the menu and the server almost poured it on without informing me what he was pouring.\nAlso, I had requested that they have a candle/iced plate for my boyfriend's birthday and although the hostess assured me that she would take care of it, they did not. \nPerhaps I should give it another chance for the pure foodie experience but don't think I'll do it any time soon."
: "The best Mexican in NYC hands down.\n\nI love this place. It's a hole in the wall--just a few tables inside and the grill is up front. You can watch them make your food. The food is cheap but really good and you get a LOT of it!\n\nI am vegan so I usually stick to bean, veggie, or cactus taco--they are sooo huge and really good. Their rice is the bomb-sticky and soft. I always leave this place with leftovers and totally stuffed! \n\nT"
: "The threading is pretty good, the customer service and atmosphere really aren't... but given the options in the h-square area (and the fact that my brows always look good when I leave)- it is the best option available!\n\n  So the threading is technically quite good.  My brows look good when I leave and the staff clearly knows what they are doing.  However the customer service is pretty poor- you are lucky if they acknowledge your existence.  Also they do some crazy rude things- for example the last time I went in the women threading my eye brows was having a conversation, in Hindi, on the phone while working on me... really pretty poor service.  It is a low/ no frills place but for $14 (student discount)- it gets the job done.  Also there aren't other places in the area that do threading... so they kind of have a lock on the market!"
: "This is the kind of class that will remind you that you're not in decent shape when you think that you are. I like yoga and pilates, and I also did dance when I was younger, but none of that mattered when it came to taking this class. Yesterday was my first barre type of class ever...and it more than kicked my ass! \n\nIt felt very circuit-like with stretching between each move, but it also didn't feel like some boring routine (which is good!). The small movements really bite you in the butt, literally...I'm actually happy that I get to sit down all day at work because there's no way I'd want to be walking today. Gold star for the music - it's true that this really keeps you going. I think at one point I was so tuned into the music that I forgot about how much pain I was in and pushed myself even harder. The women (and one man) in there seemed to be regulars because none of them had to stop and take any breaks (unlike me who probably skipped a few 5, 6, and 7 counts). \n\nDocking one star because the location is kind of weird especially for a first timer - I probably would have gotten there earlier if there were signs pointing to the main entrance instead of meandering to the back entrance where the door can lock..... \n\nI probably won't be doing it again in the Seattle location since it's no where near my home or work, but I do plan on using my free class in the Bellevue location. Though, the instructor and the front desk were very friendly! I also kind of want to try Barre3, just to compare."
: "This is by far my favorite sit-down place to eat in University City. I went here tonight for drinks and asked the bartender for a special request, he certainly delivered. I have also been here for lunch and had a tremendous salad. I don't know what the complaining is about, I would say the staff here cares far more about your dining experience than any other restaurant i've been to in the area."
: "This place was a regular feature of my undergrad years. Not much here for vegans, but the enormous portions are pleasing."
: "Yum! This is a great place to go to for lunch. The noodles fill you up without making you feel stuff. The sides are also very good. \n\nOverall, the taste is very authentic and simple."
: "This place is like family to me.  It got me many cheap but fulfilling meals on a budget through college.  It is very cheap. So cheap, in fact, that they don't even take credit cards.  \n\nNow that I have had other Pho, and grown up a bit, I realize this is not the best out there.  But you gotta love the creampuff pastry that comes with it.\n\nIt's a bit divey.  The service is fast, but not always the most friendly.\n\nBut it IS satisfying.  And did I mention cheap?\n\nPROS:  Satisfying, reliable meal for about as cheap as you can get a full meal.\nCONS:  Be sure to bring cash -- no credit cards accepted.  (Who doesn't take credit cards these days?)"
: "So Robert Wayne (or as my friends and I like to call it 'R-Dub' or as I will refer to it in this review 'RW') and I have some history together. I used to work here at this particular location, on and off for around 3 years. At first I loved it. (This may be due my previous 3 year employment in the Plaza food court. Needless to say, this was a step up.) Then I grew to hate it. (Don't worry though folks. I will not waste your time and review this poorly run company and the greedy corporate bastards that sent me in search of greener pastures. I will write a real review. But just in case you were wondering, this place is in fact run by buffoons.)\n\nON WITH THE REVIEW!\n\nIn all honesty, when it comes to shoe stores, RW is really as good as it gets if you don't want to venture into Nordstrom. And honestly, I NEVER want to venture into Nordstrom. And what RW has really accomplished, is the Nordstrom shoe department, in a shop the size of the Nordstrom women's restroom. Granted they're down to about half the inventory of Nordstrom, but the good stuff, the shoes you really want and look for, are all there. So It's Nordstrom minus all the crap. And minus all the FOB crap that Journey's carries. Not only is Journey's selection weak, but they only offer the kind of  colors that only the certain type of gentlemen who wear ill fitting saggy jeans, edge their hair and wear do rags, stroll in hoping  to find to match the brand new New Era cap they just purchased at LIDS. \n\nDon't tell me I'm wrong, because I'm not.\n\nAnd when they do have a decent color/style they almost never have your size. \n\nI happen to avoid shoe stores like Journey's and Sheik because I feel like the employees might actually mug me. There be some scary bitches up in there. And the Vans store employees? It's like their balls haven't dropped/ they haven't gotten their periods. I do not like asking a child if they believe I should go with the half size smaller because the canvas is going to stretch out enough over time. I'm sorry sweetie but a nod is not a real answer. At RW the customer service is still there. If there's one thing RW is known for, it's the ridiculous amount of customer service. During my initial training, my manager said they try to keep their customer service up to Nordsrtom standards. RW employees are schooled in footwear knowledge. I had to learn different type of toe styles, tread, and stitching as well as different types of leathers, cleaners, and how to properly fit a shoe. \n\nUnfortunately I have been back to this location and been disappointed with the customer service a few times. This made me a little sad because I remember the pride a lot of us took in knowing what we offered customers. (I GUESS we did have our moments where we left a not so kind impression on customers, but they deserved every bit of it, and we enjoyed every bit of it.)  I thought perhaps the company was loosing its old school emphasis on it's customer service. Luckily as of now, the current store manager is Adam. He is a delight and when dealing with his employees you can see his direct influence on them. Hopefully Robert Wayne continues to stay on track.\n\nHelpful Hints: \n-They don't give refunds! Store credit and exchange only. I know it sounds primitive, but their reasoning is that they most likely have something in store that will be to your liking, and if not you can special order from the vendor of your choice directly through them. \n- The employees work partially off commission, so be nice when they try to up sell. Its just part of their job. And all of the products really do work. That being said, sometimes we did lie about the fit/ availability to make a sale since there are not refunds. So go in with some common sense\n- Don't come here looking for out of this world deals. It's still the mall. But management does walk the malls on a regular basis and adjusts prices to keep up with competition. They also price match any competitor in the mall as long as the size and color are in stock. \n-They offer layaway which is nice. So you can purchase your UGGS in the summer and not rush to make what seems like a silly purchase considering the season, but isn't since that's when they really start loading up on winter inventory ;-)\n-They carry mens, women's, children, and baby sizes.\n-They are the absolute best place for Dr. Martens. THEE BEST. Hands down, from the in store selection to the special order process, RW is your best bet.\n\nI'm going to go ahead and say that Robert Wayne Footwear is a solid choice for your footwear needs. Unless you want to be mugged while looking at rasta colored Nike Dunks at Journey's..."
: "Yay for the Motley! I'm not a big coffee drinker so I must admit that I mostly come here for snacks (and maybe some tea).\n\nI'm not a vegan but DAMN those homemade, vegan chocolate chip cookies that they sell are absolutely divine, especially if you can get them right after they're delivered so that they're fresh-baked and still a little warm and gooey. Mmmmm....\n\nThe breakfast burritos also hit the spot.\n\nI guess the only complaint I have about the Motley is that there's always a looong line in between class periods. Oftentimes I try to stop by for a jolt of caffine or a tasty treat on my way to class and I end up standing in line for several minutes before I decide that I'd better get going or else I'll be late. This is not the fault of any of the ladies behind the counter - they're working their asses off - but is really just a product of the Motley being so popular. Maybe it's time to expand?\n\nOh yeah, and I wish people would do a better job of tidying up when they leave the Motley. There are always magazines and newspapers strewn all over the place, making it kinda hard to find the thing you're looking for. So clean up after yourselves, people!"
: "I came here for a friend's birthday dinner & it was a satisfying experience for most of us I believe. I had a harvest salad and cream of broccoli soup. The interior is cozy, quiet and spacious. It was quiet enough that people were studying here.\n\nThe harvest salad consisted of green apple slices, vinaigrette, and two slices of a delicious, crunchy raisin bread! It was definitely filling and had a good amount of dressing. The broccoli soup was warm and creamy. As a combo meal it was worth the price (~$9). \n\nI would definitely come here again! It's a good place for dinner and possibly lunch."
: "Step-by-Step Regression\n\nThinktank has been going downhill over the last year.  I can't think of a restaurant that I loved initially, that gets progressively worse every time I go.  The first time I went with a friend and we got the Seoul Burger, Pork Belly, and Duck Confit.  The Seoul Burger was super juicy and came with an amazing side of greens and a little kimchi.  All the dishes were of rock-star quality.  The second time I went, I discovered the amazing Vegetable Ramen that had unique veggies and a really light broth that I found to be very subtle, but amazingly good; however, the burger quality had diminished somewhat.  The third time I went, the Duck Confit had been taken off the menu, as well as the Vegetable Ramen.  I just went last week and the Pork Belly had been reduced to a Chinatown quality piece of fried pork fat.  It was despicable.  Also, the organic IPA that I would use to wash it down with was gone too.  I ordered the Seoul Burger, and that too had diminished in quality.  It came out essentially uncooked inside, so I had to send it in for a re-do.  Altogether, it was really depressing to see how bad a restaurant could get in a span of 12 months.  They need a new chef or need to move out."
: "3 cookies for a buck......you can't beat that.  Bring these to your office and your co-workers will love you.  Sometime's there's a small line, but it moves quickly. \n\nParking sucks- but if you're just running in real quick park in the back alley for free and hope one of the parking Nazi's doesn't catch you."
: "Our group ordered 4 Tri-tip sandwiches, one ABC and half a BBQ chicken. A few orders of fries and onion rings. Asked for extra BBQ sauce and they gave about a cup per person. I guess their BBQ sauce is like gold out here and when I tasted it, I understood why! One of the tastiest BBQ sauces that ever touched my lips. *thumbs up!*"
: "The Gods have answered my prayers: I can now get coffee from somewhere other than Starbucks!  This place is good, though not as awesome as the center city location.  The service is friendly, the chocolate is great (try the Bangkok), the coffee is great (my server had insight on the fact that Starbucks burns their coffee; good sign!), cupcakes are something to return for, and the hot chocolates (European style only plz) will coat your throat for the entire day.  2 thumbs up!"
: "Decent spot.. Went on a Sunday night, place was empty which was nice.. Staff was nice enough-my only complaint was the music the bartender had blaring-holy shit I felt like I was in the suburbs in some lonely/angry white teenagers basement.. The music made limp bizkit sound good-it was that kinda stuff-horrible rock with corny raps on it.. Get a jukebox or somebody with some taste in music. I'd debate on going back just cuz of the music."
: "The beef pad see-ew here was the first I ever tried and it got me hooked! It's the default thing for me to order now every time I go to a Thai restaurant. The pad thai is also pretty good. \n\nI've gotten some really great servers with a lot of personality in the past. Some other servers are just nice, but don't talk too much.\n\nOne observation: When you order food to go, the portions are pretty reduced. One time though, I asked for my pad see-ew to be packed in a vertical container of some sort because I was riding a bike home (and didn't want to dump the regular flat to-go container in my backpack), and to my surprise, the portion seemed bigger as it was packed in a taller soup container."
: "First time here as a few of my friends live in the neighborhood, and I loved it!\nThe food was delicious and inventive and the service was casual and friendly.  There was short wait for a table which we didn't mind at all, and relaxed at the bar for a drink while we waited.  I have to say it is a nice little bar and the bartender was great.  This is exactly the kind of neighhborhood placeI love to find in NYC.   I will definitely be back and might possibly make the trip uptown for it!"
: "I loved the food the first time around! Granted I wasn't exactly sober (it was Erin Express!!), but the Willie burger was perfectly cooked - medium rare. I also tried two sides: mac & cheese and the chicken smoked rice. The mac & cheese was okay. Nothing special, not really worth the $3.75 price tag. The rice I thought was too dry and hard/crispy. But the burger just left a great impression.\n\nCame back here again and ordered the brisket platter with cornbread, mashed potatoes, and fried okra. The brisket was very dry (yet oily, is that possible?) and stringy. I had to use a lot of the XXX and sweet sauce to get some flavor. The amount of brisket was surprisingly small - about the size of a side. \n\nThe mashed potatoes were really good. I usually like my mashed potatoes super creamy, but this one had some lumps and skins & I still loved it.\n\nThe fried okra was over-fried and too crunchy. The cornbread looked off. I almost expected it to taste like carrot cake and have raisins because it wasn't the usual cornmeal yellow.\n\nI would give this place a 2.5, but because I really liked that burger and the waiters were attentive & pleasant, I'm gonna round that up to a 3."
: "The Border cafe is a great place for cheap good eats.  It's tex-mex not Mexican food.  Great Margaritas, fajitas, fish tacos,  fresh made chips.  There are huge waits on the weekend.  Service is usually excellent.  Atmosphere is fun.  This is a good place for a large group as they have some big round tables.  Some tips are:  If you are in a rush and there's a wait, ask for the no alcohol section.  You can usually sit right down.  The mix chicken/steak fajitas are a great deal.  Lot's of food."
: "WHen I moved to LA almost a year ago, one of the hardest things for me to get accustomed to was that there wasn't a Target right down the street. However, with the opening of City Target this past week - there now is! And I am happy!\n\nI've checked this place out a couple times so far and it's definitely a nice to have! \n\nI'm happy I live walking distance. I have driven twice - but the parking garage isn't huge. It's also shared with Ralph's, so it's crowded. Once a new store moves in to where Best Buy was, I can see this lot becoming  a mini nightmare. There's an upper and lower lot; I personally prefer the upper... but park where ever you can. If they're full, signs will be out and you'll have to street park.\n\nOK- enough about parking. Like a few other reviews noted, I thought prices were slightly higher here than at the larger stores.. Maybe around 30 cents - $1.50. Not a huge deal if you're buying one or two things, but if I'm going to go for a major shop, I'll likely still drive to another Target.\n\nLots of staff on hand this week who are helpful at advising where things are. So far - a great addition to the neighborhood."
: "Urban Outfitters in general has plenty of fun stuff, great to pick up one or two items that are very \"of the moment\" knowing that moment will pass.  But what's great about this location is the discount basement.  It's very hit or miss but I've SCORED some great deals there - and it's always on clothing that people ask me about for years afterwards."
: "For coffee I'd rather go to Philz. But Milano's is super convenient if I just want to study in between classes since it's so close to campus!\n\nAnd I LOVE the sandwiches here. The turkey pesto is so delicious and cheesey and bell-peppery. And hot. \n\nI'm eating it right now. And it's $6.\n\nOh yeah, their cappuccino's are cute because they make designs in them. They put a happy face in mine!"
: "Tried Lemonade for the first time today. I agree with Claudia L. It was good, not the best, but good. Worth another visit to see if I can find something that has more zing. Read my review here: http://cobblersknob.blogspot.com/2012/02/just-tried-lemonade-in-pasadena.html"
: "i take my doggies to this park all the time and never had a problem...i like it better than the Rancho dog park and i think it looks pretty well maintained. people are always friendly here and i never had problem with any other dogs attacking me or my dogs :) \n\nall in all, not a bad place to bring your pooch. separate small and large dog areas, although i'm not sure anyone abides by that rule...i tried keeping my dogs in the small area but they were able to easily maneuver themselves to the bigger dog area, which they seem to love and no one else has a problem with."
: "honestly i think this place is pretty freaking expensive for the crap they give you. what happened to the \"old (soy sauce mix)\" boiled egg thing?? and the sour vegetable with mince meat??? is it only an LA thing? \n\nthe chicken tastes the same as all the other asian drink places. but it comes with this crappy ass mixed vege thing straight from the frozen vege bag. wtf. and i dont remember what the other side (if there is one) was. i never come here anymore. blah"
: "What I was served was not a proper flat white but the cafe was lovely and the coffee good anyway."
: "I somehow always come back to Hair International. Lili has been my hairstylist for about 4 years and I cannot complain. She always gets my hair/color right on point. She always asks questions to get the style just right, very attentive to detail. If you want something done right I highly recommend this hair salon and Lili."
: "I came here with my fiance and his family for my fiance's birthday and we had a good time.\n\nThe staff was genuinely nice and courteous.  We didn't have an appointment but we didn't get any death glares or stink faces from anyone, which was nice.\n\nWe were seated in less than 10 min.s and still received with excellent service.  My fiance's sister was concerned that there was no eggplant in her dish and the server reassured her that there was (it was just small) and even brought out an extra dish of eggplant at no charge.\n\nThe food was great.  Not to die for, but great.  Now their salad was so delicious, I'm craving it as I type.\n\nThe atmosphere was nice as well, they had interesting pictures everywhere which made for funny moments at our table.\n\nI definitely recommend this place to anyone who is curious about the restaurant."
: "yes, this is a starbucks.  it is in a hotel.  i like this particular location for getting work done.  it's small, and the employees are relatively nice.  it's also good for getting a frappuccino on the way to the t.  there are also couch-like seats immediately outside of the starbucks itself."
: "I cannot recommend this salon highly enough. It is the only place I will go in Providence at this point. I've come to Ky countless times after having done something stupid to my hair and he always fixes me up to T, and the compliments just come streaming in thereafter! \nAfter finding Ky Michael's Salon, for the first time I look forward to getting my hair cut."
: "Pretty greasy, but I rate Roti Roll above the Kati Roll Company. They've got more variety, but I feel like you get a better deal for the cash you fork over. I probably go here far too often... sigh. Recommend the aloo masala and the paneer frankies - don't get more than two if you have any plans of moving after you eat."
: "So I always hunt down local cupcake shops when I travel for work and this one did not disappoint!\nMy absolute favorite was the pumpkin spice - not too sweet and the frosting was perfect; the pumpkin flavor was really showcased in this cupcake instead of being masked by cinnamon or nutmeg.\nI also tried the Chocolate Stout - didn't really stand out and I despise places that put those darn cocoa nibs on top - they really are too hard to try to chew and end up ruining any attempt to savor the cupcake flavor. The red velvet was also kinda \"meh\" - the cake was too dense and the frosting was too sugary. Regardless, I will come back to try some more flavors, they have a good thing going here ..."
: "Yes, Lucy is relatively expensive and doesn't seem as high-quality as Lululemon.  However, I still end up buying a lot more from Lucy because they actually have good sales, so if you can hold out and wait for a sale, then BINGO you have yourself a good deal.  \n\nFor example, for the next few days they're having a promotion for an extra 30% off all markdowns, so I was able to buy a running skirt/capri for $30 (original price $75) -- not too shabby.\n\nThe salespeople are friendly and good at offering suggestions about what to buy for what activity, sizing, the fit, etc., and they seem pretty knowledgeable whenever I have a question.\n\nAlso, if you order online, there are often free shipping and/or discount codes that you can find through Google... and if something doesn't fit, you can exchange/return it at the store."
: "Considering I reaaaalllyyyy need to be the mood for steak, otherwise have no interest in the steakhouse, this place does a pretty nice job. \n\nCame here for a Goodbye Dinner with co-workers. Since I was not in the mood for steak, I ordered the Crab Cakes. Whooaaa. Sooo good. A little pricey, but thankfully I wasn't buying ! \n\nI can't say much for the steak, but the appetizers were also a killer. Nice drink selection - I had a few glasses of white to go with my crab. \n\nFriendly staff with good attitudes (and we all know how important that is to me!). Very chic venue with a good crowd. This place is worth a try !"
: "The first time I visited American Apparel, it was the location in Center City at 16th and Walnut near its competitor, Urban Outfitters.  My gut impression was, \"Wow, what weird stuff...who wears this anymore?\"  However, if you dig deep enough, you can find some wearable pieces--for me, basic solid colored t-shirts that feel like you're walking around in your favorite broken-in bedsheets are a must.  I haven't bought anything from American Apparel yet, but the University City location seemed to be a bit more spacious and have a bigger selection.  And they sell Sharpies in every color of the rainbow...out of place yet you never know when you might need to buy one...or two...or three."
: "food was really great and the staff were the best."
: "I would like to take some time to address some reviews of this place.\n\nFirst off, this spot is catered to a niche market. \n\n1) Do you like fruit?\n2) Do you like refreshing, light, healthy snack with high quality ingredients?\n3) Are you willing to pay a buck more for it?\n\nThen the Fruit Palette is for you!\n\nThis store emphasizes QUALITY and CUSTOMER SERVICE.\n\nI'd argue that the prices are in line with getting an ice cream (without the excess calories).  \n\nFresh fruit costs A LOT more than processed dairy products loaded with sugars.\n\nCustomer service is amazing.  I went in there to buy 5 frozen fruit bars, and the owner gave me the bars and a FREE cooler to bring them home packed in some ice.  He just said keep it and use it next time you come back.  In addition there is a frequent customer card so that after you buy a few you get one free.  Not only that, he rounded down the price so wouldn't have to break a dollar. \n\nOverall, I think it's still a great value for the quality of the product offered."
: "my food was ok, but the guy working was super attentive & nice. would go again!"
: "yum!\nI never have had Tibetan food before, it was very similar to Indian. I was there for the buffet Lunch. it was tasty! I had some beef curry thing that was really good but the beef was pretty gristly. I also has some potato and cauliflower dish, some fried vegetable shoestring things and some apples and strawberries with yogurt. it was all pretty good!\nSuper casual setting, nice staff, etc. \nthe price was pretty good, $9 for the all you can eat buffet. I'd like to go back and look at the menu to see what else they have. They seemed to be heavy on the chicken, which I hate, but that's just me. I'd like to give them more stars but wanna go back and try more before I do."
: "Food here is EXPENSIVE!!\n\nWe tried out some sushi rolls and entrees which were pretty good. The kobe beef slices served on a hot rock was fun to try and it did melt in your mouth, but everything else here seemed way overpriced.\n\nOn a side note, the bathrooms are totally designed like a bathroom in an airplane. Take that as you will."
: "Two inch vertical\nTwo pounds of waist-line per slice\nPure deep dish delight\n\n(First, I must make an odd observation about Del's.  I've NEVER, EVER, EVER been to a pizza shoppe that DIDN'T have 'suggested' pizzas on their menu!  No \"Hawaiian\", \"Supreme\", or \"Carnivore Lovers\" pizzas here... if you don't bring your own inspiration, then you're SOL at Del's!  The waiter gave me a funny look when I mentioned this, as if he'd never noticed this before.  Strange...\n\nBut back to the food...  This place makes pretty solid deep-dish pizza.  As with most deep-dish, it takes a while for it to come out, so plan your dinner time accordingly.  We ordered a large pizza, and each slice was practically a meal in itself.  It also reheated nicely the next day, which was a nice bonus.  The pizza WAS moderately expensive, but worth it.\n\nNote:  I wasn't as impressed with their cheese-bread appetizer as I was with their pizza.  I wouldn't recommend it.\n\nOne other POSITIVE noteworthy addition:  I needed to break a $20 to get change for the parking meter.  The server didn't have the exact change on him, so he just smiled, gave me 4 quarters, and said \"Don't worry about it.\"  I don't see this kind of generosity very much.  It's only a buck, but it made my day.  Needless to say, he received a handsome tip from me!)"
: "This is the best library on campus hands down. There is always space to study during high library use times such as finals and midterms. As well it is much closer to people living in the west village than powell. Not many undergraduates know about this library which also adds to the greatness of it."
: "Far from gourmet but I love their soup, sandwiches, and red velvet cake.\n\nReally over priced when it comes to it but I can't help but crave their Buffalo Chicken Chowda!"
: "There was something wrong with this burger. It was really dry, and really big. I can't complain about it being undercooked or anything, but it was definitely a trial to eat. The fact that I was really hungry and had to STRUGGLE to finish it means two things: \n\n1- it was REALLY BIG (got the reg fatburger)\n2- it tasted pretty unappealing\n\nProbably not going back here. I like the burgers from those greasy diner type places better (yellow basket, golden eagle, yorgos, fantastics, etc)"
: "Reliable, good quality, friendly service, large selection of items, easy-to-get-to location. \n\nI've been to Le's a few times now and I've never been disappointed. The quality of food from their kitchen is good-quality every time. Vegetables always taste fresh, sauces have great consistency and flavor, and dishes come out piping hot. In my opinion you get more than you pay for when it comes to quality at Le's.\n\nThe atmosphere is a bit like a romantically-lit cafeteria: lots of cramped tables, tile floors, chairs stored odd places, but really you get what you pay for when it comes to ambiance. I have had consistently good service -- very friendly waiters, super fast food delivery to my table, and very prompt with the water/check/additional items.\n\nI love Vietnamese and I will definitely go back here for cheap quality eats."
: "Mary Chung seems to be a solid choice for Chinese food when you're out and about in Central. It's nothing extraordinarily stellar to write home about, but it's reasonably priced, centrally located, and extremely edible. \n\nI came here with some friends around 6 on a Friday night before heading to MIT to see a play and we were able to be seated right away. The service was decent, again, nothing stellar, but nothing to really complain about. \nWe had the \"Hot Platter\" for an appetizer which is really just an assortment of friend things. It was nice to nosh on, but I'll admit I'm not enamored of fried foo, as a rule. \nI had the Moo Shi Vegetable, which was definitely served with ample plum sauce and plenty of pancakes. And while it was tasty, I did find myself wishing I'd ordered it with some meat. In the past I'd had their General Gau's chicken and it's definitely yummy. So, maybe I'll go back to that next time. \n\nWord of warning: Their spicy noodles (I think it's the dun dun noodles) are veeeeeeeery spicy. So be prepared. Oh, and they're cash only, which is good to know before walking in.\n\nOverall, if I lived closer, I'd definitely order from them more often and if I'm in the area, I may choose this place, but for now, it's gonna stick on the list of \"places that are possibilities\" and will not likely be making a pilgrimage to Central just for this place."
: "Eh. A potato spiral cut, then dipped into dried cheese powder. You know, the stuff that comes with your mac and cheese. Potato was not quite cooked and nowhere near resembled \"crispy' \nThe hotdog was OK, but I'd have preferred more description available for what I was getting. A panko breaded bacon corndog  was... surprising. \n\nA little expensive, 7 for a combo which is a hot dog  a spiral cut potato, and a can of soda. \n\nThey are new and very eager to help, with 4 people behind the counter ready to assist, but in the end I don't think I'll be going back"
: "You can't hate on this place. Mostly, if you love a burger, you're going to like this place guaranteed. But then again, a good cheeseburger warms my heart just as much as a perfectly timed mojito.\n\nI had the Dallas Burger and honestly it's been a long time since I've ordered a burger \"medium rare\" and truly got it medium rare. That makes me smile right off the bat.\n\nThe jalapeno sauce they have has even made me want to go home and replicate. That's the when a restaurant goes from a 3 to a 4 star-- if it makes me want to go home and duplicate. Afterall, imitation is the highest form of flattery.\n\nI could do without the ostentatious 45 minute line (and that was during a line that was just barely out the door). They have two cash registers. Use 'em, people."
: "I have been trying to get to BerryLine ever since they opened, almost two years ago. My coworkers and I took a lunch break trip to BerryLine back in June and we have been addicted ever since! The first trip one of my colleagues helped herself to seconds because she loved the first one so much! Ever since that fateful day I get a medium instead of a small because it makes my belly very happy, I just \"suffer\" through the fullness. \nI love all of the toppings that they have! The fruit is so fresh and beautiful! You can't go wrong with one of their candies/cookies either. I recently had frozen yogurt at a new yogurt place in Boston, by MGH, and it was a poor attempt at the BerryLine original flavor. It appears that no one can match the natural, tart yogurt taste that BerryLine has achieved. I haven't been able to try one of their flavored yogurts yet, I enjoy the original too much to venture! \nI am typically an ice cream fanatic but I feel that my life is now complete thanks to BerryLine's healthy option over my ice cream. I'll give up the ice cream any day for this yogurt!"
: "What do you get when you stack slices of fatty beef in a french roll and then dip it into a dark brown sodium solution? You The Hat's representation of the pastrami.  I could lube my truck with this sandwich and still I keep coming back for more.  French dip roast beef sandwiches to double cheeseburgers and loads of fries and fried zucchini are what come to mind when I think of this place.\n\nThe first time I visited, I ordered a pastrami and chili cheese fries and a large Orange Bang.  What a mistake!  The order of chili cheese fries could feed a family of 5 and the sandwich was more than a meal.  Needless to say the drink alone had enough calories to power a small village, I elected not to do that again.\n\nI suggest you visit Tommy's at least once in your life or you could simply stay home and eat a few sticks of butter... choice is yours.  I think Tommy's would taste better."
: "Okay, this is REALLY kind of messed up on my part.\n\nYou want to know honestly how I found out about this place??\n\nWell so one night I was bored, watching the news online, *click here, chick there* ::yawn::\n\nWhat's this?? \"Steve Jobs video coming out of restaurant showing weak strength\"\n\n(This was after Steve had passed away) \n\nSaddened by watching the video, I then wondered where they had just come from.\n\nOh yeah I'm going there, you guessed it. \n\nI'm such a douche sometimes, I actually zoomed in, looked very closely at the door and saw that it was Calafia.\n\nIntrigued now I googled it, found the website, location, yelp reviews....you name it. \n\nSo as screwy as this sounds, on my initial trip to Palo Alto I had made it a pact to check this place out while I was here. I figured hey, if it's good enough for Steve Jobs it's sure as hell good enough for me. \n\nBoy was the Apple genus at it again, the flavors here were amazing, fresh and the vibe was VERY pleasant (granted I only had a club sandwich due to the line) but, it just goes to show you some people REALLY know their stuff in life, call me a follower but when in Rome...\n\nDefinitely a place I will add to my regulars."
: "Great place to watch games, great live music, great food, awful smoke, 4 stars. \n\nThe seafood gumbo was fantastic and the grilled mahi salad was amazing. The wings are great and the BBQ burger (which I stole a bite of), was perfectly cooked with a really nice flavor.\n\nI'd go back if it promised to be a \"light smoking\" night. We DC-ers aren't used to smoking in bars/restaurants."
: "Hmmm side note but why iPhone app can I only \"draft\" reviews from my phone and not post them too???\n\nAnyway had to check out the new harvard square hotspot and see what the hype was about. On first inspection I liked the big open window, but wasn't sure how I was feeling about the community seating and took a seat at one of the few individual tables. Our server was quite nice and had helpful recommendations. \n\nVerdict:\nGood service\nFunky d\u00e9cor (although not totally loving the community searing high tops) \nDecent beer selection\nBurger was fairly tasty... But I asked for it medium and it was almost completely raw. I probably should have sent it back, but I was so hungry I ate about half before deciding I just could not eat any more raw beef. The waitress noticed how raw it was and came over and asked if it had been ok. I let her know it was a little too raw for me - she said next time they would do a better job of cooking it.\n\nI do think I'll be back as it's got a great view if harvard square and I do think the burger would be great if cooked. But next time if it's that raw again I'm sending it back."
: "Can you spell M-E-D-I-O-C-R-E? I've come to accept that I will just never find a decent cupcake in Seattle (at least until Crumbs opens a store here). I've tried the red velvet, triple chocolate, vanilla vanilla and chocolate peanut butter. Save for the last, they were all really bland, and the frosting just never tasted \"right\" to me. Also, the staff invariably are inattentive and kind of snotty. I only come here if dragged by a friend (99% of which are cupcake whores)."
: "(At the outset, this review is only for the vegetarian items on the buffet brunch)\n\nSo it was another lazy Saturday afternoon when a friend and myself decided to do a buffet brunch at Cafe of India...A desi (read Indian) buffet brunch is almost de rigeur for me every weekend, and mostly it is difficult to tell one buffet from the other...\n\nNot so with this quaint lil eatery however at Brattle Street in Harvard Square...a quiet lil place with an open (not exactly street though) seating, warm and friendly service and good food!\n\nSo the buffet comprised  samosas and dosas (crepes) for starters.  The dosas were nice and crisp, made fresh by a very friendly Nepalese gentleman!  The sambar was good and the chutney passable!  Alas, the samosas were nothing to write home about - the first batch was stale samosas - which were promptly replaced the moment I complained...the second batch, though fresh and piping hot was just that!\n\nThe other items which I sampled from the buffet were the chholeys (chickpeas), aloo-gobhi (potatoes and cauliflower) and the daal makhni (lentil)...the daal makhni was REALLY good.!!  Topped with garlic naan (bread) and some rice, it was one of the more satisfying buffets I have had in Boston!\n\nDessert was kheer (rice pudding) and suji ka halwa (roasted vermicelli mixed with sweetened milk).  The kheer was good stuff!!!  \n\nWhile I am relatively new to Boston (only 5 months), it appears that this restaurant is apparently not as well known as Bombay Club and Tamarind Bay, which seem to be more well known in the vicinity!  I am surprised at how this place has still not become popular for its buffets!!\n\nAll in all an enjoyable brunch experience at the standard buffet price of 12.55 dollars per person (tax included)...I would say put this on ur list of Indian buffets to try even if it is not exactly to die for!"
: "I stopped by here on a Saturday evening for dinner. I thought it was decent but not above average by any means. I had the lentil soup, which was good, the lamb biryani, which was OK, and baklava for dessert, which was passable. The biryani had a nice aroma and flavor, but the lamb was full of fat and gristle, so much so that i finally gave up trying to pick out the eatable meat slivers with my fingers. At least my fingers smell good now."
: "The food is comparable to any other Denny's I've been to...but ahh the SMELL.  I can't pinpoint what it is exactly.  Maybe a mixture of Windex and wet carpet?  You smell it right when you walk in.  The furniture and decorations are also really dated.\n\nThe only reason why it's not just 1 star is because the service is good and the people working there are friendly."
: "Is it just me, or does anyone else get major tummy aches after eating at Bombay Coast?\n\nMaybe my stomach can't handle the spices of Indian food in general, but every time I've come to eat here, my meal is satisfying until the last bite -- then when my stomach starts to grumble.\n\nI've been craving Indian food on more than one occasion lately, and every time I do get food, I always end up regretting later (and yet I still continue the vicious cycle...)\n\nFirst time I went here I had the vegetarian-option combo. Got the channa masala, which was pretty good, the baigan bharta (or whatever it's called), which was a little too sweet of a curry for me, and something else that was obviously forgettable and probably got mixed in with my other options. \n\nThe second time I had the #1 combo, cause on the weekends its only $5.99. Got the chicken tikka masala (probably the most recognizable/cliche item to order), aloo mutter, and some super spicy beef curry. The food was a lot better this time around; it was under-spiced, and I managed to get a taste of all three options without one over-powering the other. \n\nNote: The chicken tikka masala tastes JUST like the frozen entree you can get at Trader Joes. Don't know if that's just TJ being awesome, or BC being lame...\n\nThe curries are way too watery for my liking... so watery that the curries just kind of blend together to create a schloppy mess. Sure, they're supposed to be pretty soupy (to dip in your naan, I suppose?) but there's like no meat in there whatsoever.  The naan was just plain meh too, not fresh and rather bland. \n\nI do really like the mint chutney though, it cuts a lot of the spicy.\n\nAnd yes, I gave it a 2 star review, but will I be back? You betcha. I need my Indian food fix, and this is the most convenient way to do so."
: "I ate here tonight with a bunch of my best eating acquaintances, and was able to try a range of items on the menu. First off, the Yard Sale (2 courses and a side for $25!) is a great deal. I had the corn and crab chowder as a starter, which was a bit of a let-down-- not super-flavorful or crabby and nothing special, really, though the cute stone-handled bowl it came in was a plus. My friend's crab cake starter was far more delicious (and far more crabby!) with a tasty salad and side cucumber-caper-sauce concoction. The spinach salad with chevre also looked amazing.\n\nI had the pulled lamb shank as my main course, and it was ok, though not what I was expecting-- it resembled more of a stew or cassoulet than a lamb shank as I imagined it, and as such, seemed better-suited for a robust winter meal than a summer supper in June. My friend's duck dish, though-- AMAZING! We thought the duck breast was delicious until we had the leg confit, which was far MORE delicious. Definitely get the duck. The sides were plentiful but nothing super-special.\n\nBy the time dessert rolled around, we were too full, and the dessert menu seemed overpriced after the Yard Sale steal. The check came with some ginger cookies though, so it was a win anyway. Bottom line for me: the Yard Sale is a bargain, but for the full price, not quite worth it, depending on what you order-- also, the service and ambiance is more family-restaurant style than I expected for a relatively fancy place. Not a bad thing, just something to note!"
: "I'm not a Bostonian from birth.  I grew up out west where it's not cool to be a geek or get your nerd on.  Where I come from comic book stores are usually reserved for back alleys next to check cashing places and pawn shops.  Imagine my surprise when I discovered Newberry comics.  People walking around the city with bags of a freaky looking kid on them proclaiming that these people had bought comics, glorious glorious comics.\n\nBut alas, when I first entered into a Newberry, I was dismayed with all the other crap that was there.  Stuff that was great if I were to shop at Hot Topic of a Spencers gifts.  But comic book stores are reserved for comic books, with the occasional action figure thrown in just to balance things out.  It wasn't until I discovered Million Year picnic that I found my north easter oasis.  It's everything I believe a comic book shop should be.  A place with more comics then they have space for, and a staff that's probably read everything there, twice.  If you want something they don't currently have, they can find it for you and get it in.  There hasn't been a time where I went in there and didn't walk out with something, and more often then I'd care to admit, I've even walked out with a smaller bank account then I'd come in with, but extra goodies I'd found without even looking.\n\nIf I had to pick something to complain about, and let's face it, I'll never be elite if I only said good things about places.  I'd say this, check out sometimes takes a bit of time.  They check off each purchase of the trade paperbacks, and their credit/debit card machine is slow, when it's working at all.  I've been there on two separate occasions where the machine was down and it took a painful amount of time to get home and read my new purchases.\n\n(Who am I kidding?  We all know I'll have read everything on the bus ride home)"
: "While driving through NJ my dad wanted to stop at one of the many memories he had from college.  Staying up late studing and dropping by here in the late hours of the night to grab one of the best hoagie's ever.  \n\nThese things are what my dad would say \"exquisite\".  The bread is awesome and the amount of food you get for the low price is fantastic.  I love how they have pictures hanging on the wall next to the register of people wearing their Hoagie Haven T-Shirts from all over the world.  It made me want to buy one, and I did.  So now I have this awesome orange Hoagie Haven shirt that is the colors of the school it represents, Princeton.  \n\nI ordered the Pizza Steak Hoagie because it was my dads favorite and my sister got the meatball one.  I am not a fan of meatball sandwitches, but when I tried hers, it was really really really great.  I absolutely loved mine, I ate half of a whole one with my dad and I kept thinking I wanted more, but when I got up to go order another, the line was out the door and we needed to get back on the road.  \n\nThis place has a spot in my dads heart and I have to say this place is so good it is now apart of me too.  Maybe it runs in the blood, but I have to say I can not wait to come back here.  Maybe I should try and get accepted to Princeton? haha in my dreams....."
: "I really, really wish I could give this place a 5, but anyone who has been to a real club such as Mansion in Miami will realize that no club in Boston deserves 5 stars.  However, for a club of its type, which is small and hip, it really does the job great.  I almost missed Middlesex the first time around, as the front looks like a closed-down storefront.  Once you get in though it is great.  The girls are hot and not trashy, which is key.  Secondly, the bartenders aren't rude, but they do discriminate - hot females and hot males get served first.  As someone with average looks this upsets me, but the club makes up for this with its great vibe, and great people.  The music is good, and the bouncers don't go overboard.  One problem you might encounter are small packs of alpha-males who are on \"chick-finding\" missions, and act rude to everybody in their quest to do this.  Anyway, check this place out, its a blast and the best nightlife you can get in Boston.  Even better, good late-night pizza is right around the corner."
: "If you can get this place for a good rate, I'd say go for it.  Siena has the same problem that most buildings of that age have: room layout.  Kind of feels like they crammed electronics and sockets and such into a room that just didn't see technology coming.  And they get a little tacky with the decor - just a mishmash of \"european things\" all about the place.  But the accommodations were still spacious and comfortable.  Best part of the whole stay was how they sit you down in front of this lady in a throne upon check it.  Class...?"
: "The bubble tea here is divine, every incarnation.  I have become thoroughly addicted to the Chrysanthemum tea (I order it less sweet, pearls, no milk), Singing Bird, Naughty Squirrel, and Ginger Peach teas. My kids love the Taro and Honeydew.  \n\nI'm not quite up to the store's motto, which is something like:   If you come to my home and I am not here, I am at Momoko - if I am not at Momoko, I am on my way to Momoko\" but I'm not that far off... \n\nI don't bother with bubble tea anywhere else. I might deign to have a smoothie or something somewhere else, but Momoko's teas are outrageously, incomparably good.  \n\nThe owner and staff are all very, very sweet and get to know your preferences.  And one of the great pleasures of the place is reading the menu and making your selection. Iri, the owner, writes all the descriptions, and they make for awfully entertaining reading. \n\nIt's a fun place with kids as long as you can trust them not to pick up every interesting thing they see, as the shop is chock-full of amazing Japanese tchochkes and T-shirts. We pick up our monthly supply of Pocky there, too; and you can also get amazing flowers from Floral DJ, which bases itself out of the store.  Kate Ko is their designer, and she's very, very creative when she gets to work outside the FTD book."
: "I would call this place a hidden gem. It had everything from Frida Kahlo-based painted pieces and Dio de Los Muertos style bits to affordably priced clothing and vintage style cards. I was greeted kindly and then left to my own devices for browsing. Definitely worth a trip back."
: "Yum yum yums! Deliciousness in my tums!\n\nBongo burger is delicious, and I'm salivating just thinking about my next burger. I usually get the Black Bean burger or the Persian Sandwich, simply because I no longer eat beef. Both are delicious, and as well as all the beef ones (well, the ones that I tried before I gave up beef.). However, at this point, I almost religiously always get the Persian Sandwich. Can't really go wrong with lamb.\n\nBut honestly, it's not the sandwiches that captivate me. It's the fries. I know wavy fries are one of the lowest on the fry scale (with criss-cut/waffle fries at the very top), but for some reason, Bongo makes wavy fries like no other. They're perfect, and everything wavy fries should be. Not to mention that they offer a ranch dipping sauce, which is better than crack cocaine (it's a metaphor! i honestly wouldn't know). I usually need about 3.5 portions of ranch, 2 for my sandwich, and 1.5 for my fries. *licks lips*\n\nBongo makes me happy. I mean, I think I prefer the Northside and Westside stores over the Southside one (Southside wins only due to proximity). It's location next to People's Park has made it an interesting journey on several occasions. However, one of the conviences of the Southside location, it offers a huge table. Good for groups of 6!"
: "i got a groupon deal for this and i knew i'd have a chance to be around the area - so i wanted to give it a try! \n\nwhen i first pulled up, i was a little hesitate because it's basically a residential house - looks like the owner for the lot just decided to turn this residential land into some business? i think i recall seeing a dentist office at the back 'the back house'...\n\nafter i stepped in though i feel much better, the calming music, the scents and the warm welcome from the girls. the wax was done pretty fast and painless - she tried to make small talks with you too to drive away your attention.\n\nwould recommend - especially if you see any more deals!"
: "I've never been for dinner, but I've been to several private functions here. They do an outstanding job with the hors d'ouevres, and the bartenders are great."
: "Eh.  Glad to have a nice lunch buffet.  Could be better, but good value, quick and easy, and pretty darn good!"
: "Great tabouli and I love the falafel. The veggie curry also rocks."
: "I love their Vegetarian sandwich (special #4). the bread is toasted to perfection and the combination of spinach and eggs is mouth-watering.  Overall it is very tasty."
: "BIG FAT SANDWICH THATS CHEAP\nthe wheat bread is amazing\nreally easy to order\nthe full sandwich is huge which is saying alot cuz ill eat forever\ni suggest the destroyer\nits pretty bomb not gonna lie\nalot of outdoor seating so its a good place for the summer time chillin"
: "Just got my hair cut here. I haven't had my hair cut professionally in seven years; most of this time my hair was short and I had figured out how to cut it myself with some interesting first experiences.\n\nAnyway, now that my hair had actually grown out beyond my scope of expertise, I came here at the suggestion of my fiance. They can do it. They can cut my hair and his and have us in and out in about a half hour. It looks good, too! And affordable!\n\nI didn't get anything fancy, mostly cleaned up my tangled mass, but my head feels so much lighter and has a simple, nice shape. I could have gotten fancier with it, but I'm low-maintenance and at the suggestion of the haircutter went with simple. Glad I did, too.\n\nThey are extremely friendly. Very personable. Yes, I will be going back here!"
: "i guess the gods must be financially well off if they can afford eating here on a regular basis (note: if any of you gods up there have any extra cash to spare, please send some way, i promise i'll believe in you and won't doubt your existence anymore)\n\ni can't really complain about prices, though; my BFF Zeus treated me here for lunch one day.  Helios was supposed to join us but didn't have much of an appetite after being hungover.  it was nice sitting outside on the balcony and eating our sandwiches, and sharing our fries while gossiping about how Apollo caught Calypso in bed with Aphrodite the week before.  that floozy!\n\nI can't really comment much on the food since i'm not a god myself, i'll defer my judgement over to Zeus, if I could ever convince him to join yelp."
: "One of my frequented spots on the Ave. Looking something a little different than pho and a bit more personalized? Well here you are. I like to order the #5 (comes with some meat, an hard boiled egg, naruto slices and bamboo shoots). The best part is that you can add extra noodles, and assorted extras like the stuff that comes with your meal.\n\nNot a ramen sort of person? I have personally never tried any of the other dishes, but my boyfriend has enjoyed the gyoza and I often see people eating those dishes."
: "ah, work holiday luncheon. we had a huge table, and they sat us in an atrium-like area. the server was pleasant. the food was pretty decent. i went with crab-stuffed portabello mushroom with a cognac cream sauce. so naughty. (it would have been even better if i didn't find a few shells in the crab. oh well.) i also got a garden salad with salmon. it was really nicely done. it was a small piece of pan-seared salmon on a bed of greens with balsamic vinaigrette. yum. the wine selection and martini list are pretty decent."
: "Terrible customer service, unforeseen charges and my car problems remain."
: "My favorites:\n\n- toasted english muffin with butter, no jam. there's no need for jam. the muffins are so tender and yummy, especially when warm and buttery.\n\n- spinach salad with sliced almonds, mandarin orange, sliced strawberries. goat cheese (with added grilled chicken breast) and homemade (it seems homemade to me) balsamic dressing of some kind. the dressing is AMAZING. sweet, with poppy seeds, tart, rich. it goes perfectly with the goat cheese and oranges and strawberries. and chicken. actually, i must confess that i prefer to sop up the leftover dressing with my toasted, buttered english muffin. way better than any jam. it's like a meal and dessert all in one. SO GOOD!!\n\n- quiche! So good! so far i've had two kinds: 1) mushroom and caramelized onion, 2) sweet potato, corn, and feta. the mushroom might have been my favorite. amazing with fresh herbs (i think thyme? or sage?)\n\ncoffee's good.\n$ is good.\nservice is good.\nfood is great.\nfresh, tasty, reasonably-priced\nbasically, this is my new favorite spot in harvard square."
: "For the price and location (ann arbor), the food here is very good.  Echoing the reviews below, you just need to order off the Chinese menu and you should have a much better experience.  If you order anything Americanized (sweet and sour pork, etc etc), you probably wont have as good a experience.  \n\nPersonally I like the pork and string beans, as well as the singapore noodles.  Portions are GIANT, each dish is at least 2 meals.  Which is great for poor students.  And if you go with the right person, you should be able to get a free dish or two..."
: "I live in the neighborhood and have frequented this place for years.  It's a great little hole in the wall - not a place to go to for a fine dining experience, but the food is tasty, cheap and for the most part, authentic. They do have a few Tex-Mex and other Mexican-American menu items to satisfy all the gringos, but I stay away from those items and have little sympathy for those who order burritos or quesadillas and then complain about the lack of authenticity. Oh, and in response to one of the earlier comments - that was Oaxaca string cheese in your burrito, not mozzarella.  The staff are all really nice, though they can be a bit disorganized when things get busy (which happens frequently).\n\nThe tacos are really good and are cheap, but my favorite dish by far is the green chilaquiles (not on the menu, but the restaurant does make it upon request).  Order it with a fried egg or two on top - mouth-watering and big enough for two people to share.\n\nFull disclosure - I don't eat meat, but meat-eating friends who I've taken to have all enjoyed their orders."
: "Hog's Back is a much needed addition to the restaurant scene in Ithaca.  \n\nFirst off, this place is brand new.  It still looks a lot like the former restaurant Pangea, but I'm sure it will take on its own style soon.  My one piece of advice is to put some some picnic tables outside where you can get messy with the food.  \n\nTheir signature dish is the half-rack of ribs.  You can order them either wet or dry.  I was with a friend so we got both.  \n\nWe were pleased with both.  The sauce is sweet and spicy.  Meat was tender.  \n\nIf you need extra sauce they are more than happy to provide a pretty good pepper sauce as well as a selection of both homemade and bottled hot sauce.\n\nDecent sides include slaw, collards, corn cakes, etc.  Cornbread was a little dry.  But overall good selection.  \n\nThey have a great bar with tons of local beers to choose from."
: "Found myself in Chapel Hill for the night, and Yelped for a Chinese joint nearby.  I have to agree with the majority who praise their food.  I had the Twice cooked pork which was a 1 (out of 3) pepper dish.  It was plenty spicy for my American buds, and had a wonderful flavor.  Beware however that the pork is dried, therefor very salty and fatty.  It was like being served a pile of 40 delicious slices of bacon.  As good as it was,I could only eat about 1/2 of the entree.  I would definitely eat here again."
: "Even though I came to ZaSpa for a not relaxing service (waxing) I felt so relaxed! I was able to get an appointment the day I called. They were so nice and friendly on the phone and even told me I could use the valet parking and they would validate it. \n\nI arrived and they had me fill out the normal paper work for a first time visit. Then I was lead to the relaxation room with water, fruit, comfy chairs and relaxing music. I was offered a robe and locker for my purse but declinded since it was facial waxing. I sat there for about 5 minutes. Then I was escorted back to the room where my waxing would happen. The room was very relaxing also. The tables you lay on are heated! Even in the summer it was wonderful. There was also a tiny crystal chandilier in the room. It made me feel fancy.\n\nThe waxing was as painless as it can be. My waxer knew everything to ask about what type works on me and exactly where I wanted waxed. She was great! Felt very comfortable. And she put that stuff on after to make your face not hurt as much after your hair has been torn out of your face. \n\nShe also let me know that if you use the spa you can use the pool! Which was packed when I was there with  a bodyguard outside so you can't pool crash. \n\nThe prices were very reasonable. They were what I expected. They do add a service charge which equaled to be able what I would have tipped so I didn't mind.\n\nI will be back!"
: "I really like Taste of Thai Express. Their Pad Thai is consistently good. I also love their Massaman Curry. Their lunch specials are a great value, too."
: "This place is highly overrated.  First, you have a hard time finding a parking space.  I had to give my keys to a bum, and pray that he would return my car.   We waited 5 hours in the sweltering heat with the rest of the herd, and we were finally seated.  They only have one item on the menu that consist of Chicken and Waffles, and I think it's an appetizer.   However, the smothered chicken was good, but I could have ate it at any run of the mill soul food restaurant."
: "clean store, nice staff, good selection, huge mirror."
: "Alright people, it's not that cheap.  You get a salad, a half order of something braised, and a lemonade and you're up to $15.  That's pretty standard, right?\n\nOne thing that I loved was the beautiful display of food.  Everything looked vibrant and delicious.  Most things also tasted decent enough.  I tried the beet salad, the avocado/tomato salad and a half portion of BBQ brisket.  I've had much better beet salad at other places. The avocado/tomato salad was actually more appetizing than I expected. The BBQ brisket was a little salty and could have been more tender.\n\nIs it wrong that I went to a place called Lemonade and I didn't even try their lemonade?  I think I reached my max allocated budget for lunch so I enjoyed some of their free water."
: "I'm so shocked by a lot of these reviews!! I love Zebras! I currently have 15 piercings (used to be 17 though), and have gotten all except my first lobe piercings at Zebras (although did have them gauged there a couple of times). I've been pierced by all of their piercers, so I've been there on a variety of different days, and have never had any issue with customer service. Actually people are usually suuuper nice, and if it's busy, which it always is on the weekends, they say hi, and that they'll be right with me. \n\nGiven, it is cramped up front, and on weekends can take a long time to get back there to get pierced. Still the only place I trust to get my piercings done though!"
: "this store bad service, old electronics and used.  every one stay away from EID store don't west your time and money .\n\nmy story : This place sucks. I have purchased two laptops from them and have been dissapointed with their customer service. I dont know much about computers but got the impression they were taking advantage of me for my lack of knowledge. \n\nPart of the mouse pad button on my laptop was not working when I clicked it so I brought the laptop in. Keep in mind I bought the laptop from them just months earlier. I told them I wanted to know how much it was to fix. When I came to pick up the computer, they charged me $80 just to open up the computer and find out what the problem was! They never told me they charged labor just to diagnose the problem. I figured when they told me they would look at it and give me an estimate, that is what they would do. \n\nI regret ever doing business with this company. I did not know it at the time but there are many other stores/shops out there that have MUCH better rates and give you a much higher quality of customer service"
: "Al Forno would have a much lower reputation if it were in Federal Hill. Thought he cuisine is not directly comparable, CAV and Rue De L'espoir but show much more creativity in their menu. Al Forno has simple dishes that are sometimes good, but usually lack any distinctive spark."
: "Food is kind of pricey, but the portion size is big compared to most other places. Their katsu is just ok but the sauce is amazing!"
: "I've been getting waxed here for about 3 years and I don't dare go anywhere else for fear of getting less than \"bliss\"ful service. Bliss is a cute, clean, modern little spa that never fails to put me at ease from the moment I walk in.\n\nLexandra is super nice, friendly, gentle and she makes me comfortable during this not-so comfortable waxing. If you haven't ever been waxed on your privates before, it's kinda like being slapped then punched, then slapped again. Rrrip!\n\nThis chick is the only one I trust 'down-there' besides my doctor. Rrrip!\nAnd she doesn't laugh at me when I scream for mommy and shout obscenities to the heavens. Rrrrrip!\n\nI think that the prices for the waxing are reasonable and I like that they offer different options. \nthe basic bikini $35\nthe in-betweenie $50 (which is a little more, yet a little less-than) \nthe brazilian $70 (the full monty)\n\nThere's no Jacuzzi, but there is a dry heat sauna and lovely rain-like showers. I always leave with samples and goodies and smelling nice of course, and I'm in a very bliss-full mood. \n\nI've only ever gotten the waxing here so I can't yelp about the other services, though I hear they are lovely. The steep prices keep me from trying anything else, for now.\n\nTip:\nLook for street parking, unless you don't mind waiting a while for valet. Bliss does validate, but valet can take forever. Plus, one time the valet couldn't figure out how to start my car so I had to walk up 4 levels through the garage to start it for him while he drove my car and me down to the street. Weird, huh?"
: "Indian food is my favorite kind of food (and considering I'm French it's kinda funny) and this is one of the better restaurants in Pittsburgh. Their prices are very reasonable and they have many different discount offers going on every week. I highly recommend."
: "This is one of those places that I am afraid to give a good review because I don't want a bunch more people going there ;)  This is hands-down the best auto shop I've ever been involved with.  I've been taking both family cars here exclusively for the last 4 years and couldn't be happier.  Why?  Simple reasons:\n\nPROS:\n- mechanics work on salary; not comission (so they don't try to find things wrong with your car, or jerk you around with labor fees)\n- front office staff is friendly, helpful, thorough, and always let you know the deal\n- certifications and experience:  most mechanics are master ASE certified and specialize in only a few makes of vehicle\n- if you spend as much $$ as I have there you get a free t-shirt!\n\nCONS:\n- you get what you pay for; these guys are experts and get paid a salary, but its not the cheapest place.  Then again if you get ripped off somewhere else, was the price worth it?\n- they are busy, because they are good.  It can be inconvenient to wait until 5:30pm to get a call that your vehicle is ready\n- not really a con, but a caveat - they only work on imports; no domestic cars\n\ntake away - this place is awesome; get towed here if you break down, or come here for regular maintenance.  I have never felt uneasy about this place and the staff is genuine and trustworthy."
: "the fondest memory I have with BML is that it has a nice grass are outside, on which I used to run barefoot to rehabilitate my injury.\n\nFor some reason, i can't focus on studying at BML compared to geisel. It must be due to the hardcore aura i feel from med students... god save them all (and i am atheist)."
: "Two of my friends had never been in here, so as we walked down Telegraph, I ushered them into one of the sickest t-shirt/hoodie stores EVAR.  \n\nThey do a lot of East Bay shirts at this store - OAKLAND shirts with the Paramount Theater on the front, \"Keep Merritt Green\", and some obligatory Cal shirts.  My favorite shirt at this location is the BART map shirt...I was kind of glad to see they were out of the one shirt that I have from the SF location, because I'm hoping that hardly anyone has it and I won't have one of those moments where I run into someone else sporting the same shit.  \n\nUpper Playground isn't for everyone - if you're scared of big graphics and crazy printed hoodies, this may not be your steez...but it's a pretty dope store nonetheless."
: "had a very sweet milk thai tea with boba. quick service. a little on the smaller side for $3.50 - or at least compared to what i used to get in Chicago. good selection."
: "I've been here a bunch of times with my coworkers during lunch.  We usually have a pretty good experience, but today was horrible.  It wasn't crowded when we got there (around 12 pm-ish).  The server took our food and drink order right away, but the food took forrrrrrrrrevvvvvvvvverrrrrrrrr to arrive.  AND... when the food finally made an appearance, our fries and onion rings were cold and our burgers were lukewarm.  We were too hungry to ask for new dishes, so we ate what we were served.  One of my coworkers had asked for ranch dressing when he ordered his burger.  Did he get ranch dressing?  Not until he was halfway done eating his food.  That same coworker also asked for a refill of his drink.  The server either ignored his request or forgot about it because we never saw that refill.  The server also messed up on our bill because she charged one of my coworkers for a beer that he never received.  Major fail on the server's part today."
: "I've been working in Pasadena at Caltech since 1995 and have been living in Pasadena since 2005. Since that time I have enjoyed going to Amigo's especially since moving here in 2005. When I want good mexican food and a good time all I have to do is walk two blocks up to Amigo's. Besides the food I like that it's a magnet for locals that live in the area as well as Caltech people. If your in the bar not only dose the conversations include sports it could also include science.\n\nOn Sunday (9/12/2010) I walked back from Old Town Pasadena and was hungry so I walked in and ordered one of my favorite dishes, the #21 Super Burrito. Most mexican restaurants, when you order a burrito, you get just the burrito and that's it but at Amigo's one gets a plate with rice, beans and the burrito of their choice. The Super Burrito will set you back $7.50. Not too bad for the amount of food you get and by the way I rolled home with a full stomach.\n\nOther items I enjoy:\n#19 Carne Asada Burrito\n#20 Colorado Burrito (Refried beans, seasoned beef, diced tomato, shredded lettuce & cheese all wrapped in a soft flour tortilla & covered with a red enchilada sauce)\n#17 Fajitas (Both steak & chicken)\n#1 Amigo's Nachos with steak\n#57 Machaca (Shredded beef saut\u00e9ed onions, bell peppers, tomatoes and egg) I always add jalapenos to kick it up a notch.\n#55 Carne Asada Dinner Plate\n\nWriting this has made me hungry see you at Amigo's!!!"
: "Good sandwich. A little pricey but worth it for the fresh sourdough bread."
: "I know zip-zero-nada about automobile repair.  I had a business associate recommend Mike Raisor Ford's service center and decided to try them out (even though I have a Dodge Caravan).  Wow!  They have taken great care of both my Van and my wife's PT Cruiser.  When my transmission went out last year they really went to bat for me with the extended warranty company and after 2 weeks and several inspection the replacement transmission only cost me $75.00 (my deductible).\n\nThey always give me the strait story and I never feel like I'm getting jerked around.  Thanks Adam!"
: "Love this casual Westwood place.  Great interior seating that would be great for a big group.  The food is great and the special jams...on another world.  I love the chocolate spread especially.  Great place to chill on a Sunday in Westwood and relax."
: "GREAT BREAKFAST!!!\n\nMy favorite place to grab weekend brunch with friends. I dislike people who dislike headlines. How can you dislike headlines!? The portions are huge and the food is delicious and prompt. \n\nCan be hard to find a place to seat as it gets crowded at times, but staff doesnt rush you out or anything. \n\nOmelets and burgers are both very very good. OMELETS ARE HUGE, and made me forget the dorm omelet bar. Who cares about the dorms when you can get a HUGE GIANT DELICIOUS OMELET for under 10 bux."
: "Gaahh, just take my money already.\n\nI almost don't want to post this review so people don't discover Berkeley Floor! I love, love, love this cafe. It's spacious, there's always been a table available when I go, and more importantly, the wifi works well and there are outlets accessible everywhere! This has definitely become my go-to place for studying near campus.\n\nThey offer pots of tea that I always see people drinking, and their salads are huge and definitely worth it. Try the tuna salad! They have a great selection of drinks and food. They even have a TV showing the latest sports game, but it is located in a spot where not everyone will be bothered if they're studying.\n\nAll in all, a great place that I hope doesn't change any time soon! Love it!"
: "I love this place however the last time I was there the Magnolia tree was missing.  This place has a great history, great service, great drinks - love the Sour Bitch and even better food.  I hope they replace the tree it was kind of the center point of the place as it literally was in the dead center of the place."
: "I really enjoy this little spot.  It's super close to heaven (Berryline) and has a great view of the passersby for people watching.  The interior is a lesson in shabby chic and seems rather fitting.  I even like the surly crepe maker, he was nice to me so it was enjoyable watching him be short with others.  \n\nAfter much deliberation I ordered the Montmarte- Swiss cheese, grilled mushrooms, fresh thyme.  Holy crap the thing was good.  I was not too thrilled with the cost however.  I'm no crepe expert but for one crepe that while delicious is not terribly filling $8 seems a bit steep.  If it came with something else perhaps but on its own not so much.  Sadly, this was on the lower end of the prices.\n\nIts proximity to Berryline will keep me coming back however.  The Monmarte followed by a little fro-yo is an unbeatable com-bo."
: "Ashley's is my favorite bar on campus for its wide selection of craft beers. In fact, it was ranked #17 for \"Best Beer Restaurants 2010\" by RateBeer. If it's your first time there, or you're just not familiar with their selection, ask any server for explanations or recommendations. They're there to help. The menu also serves as a decent guide because it grades each beer according to a Flavor Rating, from a \"no flavor\" 1 to a \"full-bodied\" 9. So if you're used to your favorite Heineken and not sure about trying a robust imperial stout, refer to the numbers for guidance and simply work your way up!\n\nPROS: You can find craft beers from across the world, especially great American microbreweries, and they'll carry many regional/local beers that are hard to find outside Michigan. They also offer rotating taps, seasonals, and special selections available for a limited time. (See the chalkboard inside for current off-menu specials. You'll know what I'm talking about when you walk in.) Also, though there are some rare and expensive choices like the Dogfish Head World Wide Stout or Kuhnhenn Raspberry Eisbock, I find most prices to be very reasonable, especially considering your many options. The service also is pretty good. I can't speak much about their food since I rarely, if ever, eat anything there, but the pesto fries I once tried definitely hit the spot.\n\nCONS: It's relatively small, so you might have to wait even on a weeknight. It's also a campus bar/pub, so don't expect any elegant ambiance even if the beer selection itself is pretty \"high-class.\" I personally don't care much for proper glassware/beer pairing, but if you're the type that absolutely needs the snifter glass for a stout or barley wine, for example, you may be disappointed. (Some beers do come in the \"right\" glassware, but more often than not, they will just be the generic pint glass.) Lastly, you'll occasionally run into times when your top 2-3 choices are sold out, but I guess that's no different from other places.\n\nIn conclusion, this is a great bar known most for their beer selection, though they also have liquor/wine/cocktails if you're interested. But honestly, if you're not that into the beer selection, there is no real reason to be there because there are other bars after all. If you want to break out of the typical mass-produced beers (you know, the ones with TV commercials), Ashley's is the place to learn and explore the world of craft beer."
: "Their sandwiches are pretty tasty and filling!! I am also a little biased because I GOT THIS THING FOR FREEEEEEEE YEAH!! BABY!! I LOVE FREE FOOD. \n\nWhat I got\nJersey Joe\nthe bread was was really soft and fluffy! YUM! I love super soft bread. and the fillings were pretty good too!! nice meaty ham and lots of delicious provolone. who doesn't like that? Oh and all the toppings of course. YUM"
: "Zuzu! has a thrilling combination of fun atmosphere and delicious food. As a vegetarian, I'm always excited when I can't decide which meal I want because there are so many options available to me. My friend and I ended up splitting the dip platter, to try everything, and it was definitely the right choice. The whipped garlic, cheese and olive spreads were phenomenal. I couldn't quite believe the wondrous things happening inside my mouth. I highly recommend eating some of the pita with the cheese and olive together-YUM. I was also really impressed by how affordable the meal was, we will definitely be going back to try more of the menu and cocktails. \n\nPS. The waitstaff are all funky and really attractive. Bonus."
: "1. wear comfortable shoes because you have to walk up a steep hill no matter where you park (tragic) \n2. wear layers - it gets cold at night\n3. bring a blanket to sit on\n4. be mindful of the holes in the pavement on Gayley - wouldn't want a broken/twisted ankle\n5. if you park at the lower hearst lot ($20), make sure your car is facing toward the entrance/exit"
: "When in Atlanta you definitely have to go here just to experience the place..\n\nbut the food is just mediocre. However i did really enjoy the peach pie.\n\nim not gonna get into the history as it has already been said, but in my opinion you should really go for the experience, just don't plan on getting a great meal."
: "5$ entry fee.\nI first had dinner there (a quick bite) a bacon cheese burger, That was very good.\nClub is ok, the place is simple but nice. The drinks were very good.\nNice Music for dancing, and the environment was nice as well.\nI've you get there late, you'll probably have to wait in line."
: "GF and I were on foot near the Third Street Promenade in Santa Monica trudging along through the rain when our food truck radar suddenly went off.  \n\nWe zeroed in on the Calbi Truck, the third of the triumvirate of Asian themed food trucks we'd been dying to try.  It was parked across Wilshire Blvd. right next to Sur La Table.  Seeing only two people in line,  we hustled on over.  \n\nWe were intercepted on the way by two Russian brides looking for powdered milk for their children.  We directed them to Whole Foods, Having done our civic good deed for the day, we then bellied up to the bar and had a look at the goods.  \n\nThe first thing I noticed about the Calbi truck was its overly simplistic menu.  You can get a taco, burrito or quesadilla.  Beef, pork, chicken, shrimp, tofu, etc.  That's it.  Period.  No five cheese Chalupas.  No tacos with Concord grapes, sauteed ocelot livers and braised puffer fish sauce topped with foie gras sorbet.  Just very straight forward fare.  \n\nWe opted to get a few of the tacos--beef, pork and shrimp--and a kimchee quesadilla with beef.  More on the quesadilla later.  \n\nThe tacos were good for the price.  Fresh, light, not drowning in sauce, pretty much just right.  They were a tad salty but I am somewhat salt sensitive to begin with.  Flavor was good, and the veggies were crisp and fresh.  Didn't blow me away but solid overall.  \n\nThe quesadilla, on the other hand, was...alas, in the now immortal words of Clara Peller, \"Where's the beef?\"  We looked...and ate...and looked.  Didn't find any.  \n\nTo me, a meatless quesadilla is like a porno with no money shot.  \n\nDissatisfied, we went up to the counter and, to their credit, the Calbi Truck folks did make us another 'dilla, this time with the beef we originally asked for, but way less kimchee than the previous one.  If we had been able to put them both together to make one giant, gooey Korean quesadilla then it would have been pretty damn good!  \n\nConsidering the minimalist menu, screwing up an order is fairly unforgivable, but they did make amends to a degree.  \n\nOverall, the Calbi Truck was solid but unspectacular.  It's a nice consolation prize if the Kogi Truck is nowhere in sight, but still, compared to King Kogi, it's the Charlie Murphy to Kogi's Eddie."
: "I really don't understand the hype ... at all.  They have fantastic branding & marketing heads, that's all I have to say. :)\n\nWe were gifted two dozen Sprinkles cupcakes at our office last week and I tried some of the (1) Banana and (2) Red Velvet.  The Banana tasted like banana bread, in cupcake form, with a bunch of icing gooped on top of it.  The icing was so sweet and overpowering.  The Red Velvet had the same intensely, sweet, thick icing, the cupcake was pretty mild and flavorless.  The icing on the Red Velvet almost made me sick, because tasted like super-sugary cream cheese.  \n\nAfter seeing the lines daily at this store, I was hoping for a little better experience. It's good...if you like thick icing & mildly flavored cupcakes."
: "Shopped about $27 worth of things today. Considering this is Daiso, where a lot of things are generally $1.50 and up, that means I needed a large bag for my numerous items. This place has a bunch of neat, cheap things that are obviously not great in terms of quality but, if you're resourceful, can nab some necessities for much less than normal. For instance, I needed baskets and containers for my desk in order to organize my upcoming semester's papers, exams, and school supplies. I managed to nab some nifty things for very cheap. And I'm not planning on throwing my plastic bins around the room in order to \"test its quality\" so I figured it would be a fine investment. \n\nLook around the store; you'll see the Asian-ness screaming at your face. Good and cheap Asian-ness. I wouldn't suggest buying everything from here - like makeup, or maybe even the pencils? - because again, emphasis on \"not-too-great quality\", but be a smart shopper, as well as somewhat adventurous. I got a small piggybank today among my cheap treasures, which I'm rather happy about.  I'm going to be returning very often!"
: "I've missed WXPN since I moved away from Philadelphia 13 years ago and I'm happy to report that they're still playing great, eclectic music.\n\nKeep up the good work, 88.5; it's good to have you back as #1 on my car radio presets."
: "Elysee is a cutesie, girlie coffee/dessert shop that is overpriced with not-so-yummy coffee/desserts.  The place was definitely purty, and the service was decent.  However, the total package was not worth it.  I enjoyed myself there, but it was not because of the venue.  \n\nI was there with a friend on a weeknight.  We got 2 small coffees, one tiramisu, and one strawberry cheesecake.  The total tab was $14.09.  Wow.  The place was filled with UCLA students studying.\n\nCome to Elysee for the nice decor and convenient location.  Don't come here expecting good prices or tasty treats."
: "Absolutely outstanding in every regard! I was fortunate enough to have eaten here two times during my recent visit to Philadelphia. The originality and quality of the food was unsurpassed for me. This modern Mexican restaurant is a must when in Philadelphia. \nI highly recommend!!"
: "Haircut was decent, but pricey for what is was at a student rate of $20.  Had to endure 30 minutes of Fox News and Kami talking about why Obama sucks.  I came for a haircut, not unsolicited regurgitated political talking points.  There's a salon or barbershop every 30 feet in this neighborhood, so I probably won't be back.  Got the back of my shirt soaked washing my hair after the cut.  Seems like a good guy who's very much into the community, but 30 mins of politics that I didn't want to hear or talk about and a few uncomfortable comments about Muslims (him not knowing I am one, obviously) sunk it for me."
: "I went to Beautique after reading wonderful reviews about the waxing there so made an appt for eyebrows and while I was there I thought I'd get my hair done as well, my first one since moving to Houston.\nI had eyebrows with Jennifer and she took literally less than a minute. My brows weren't a huge mess to begin with but she did a fine, quick job. I needed blonde highlights and a cut (my hair was long and I wanted to cut it all off) and had an appt with Lindsey. Color is OK, she just used one shade of blonde. As for the cut when I got home I realized it was not very well done and am thinking of going to any cheap place asap like supercuts or something just to get the cut fixed. I wanted a subtle asymmetric bob, no layers - just straight across (not too drastic like poshe spice) and the more I look at it, the more I see how uneven the ends are; there are some inner pieces which are longer than the outer ones. The cut itself was 70 and the color was 100, Im not sure it was worth it. I will say that they are good about scheduling and trying to fit you in so you don't miss you next appointments. Might go back for waxing, not for hair."
: "F20 Midtown is the \"spire\" of the franchise.  This location understands needs of the midtown lunch rush - spirited service with flavorful dishes.  Need a mid-day stress reliever?  Indulge with a bowl of wild mushroom soup (and raise that stress back up after reading the nutrition data).  Enjoy the last few moments with a glazed croissant before hustling back to work.  4 stars for service.\nRemember, \"fresh\" does not mean low-fat!"
: "This place definitely gets the lots-of-good-beers-on-tap thing down, which I greatly appreciate.  And I found the bartender to be very nice.  But beyond that, it's not my scene here.  This place is just too sleek and modern for me, too cold.  The look-and-feel of the decor and the sort of atmosphere it creates doesn't make me feel comfortable or at home.  I also really dislike the building this place is in, and the effect it has on the vibe of the neighborhood.  There's an outdoor seating area, with these giant fire pits...but it does not feel cozy to me.  The fire pits strike me as contrived, artificial, and you can't set your beer down on these tables lest the fire heats it up an uncomfortable amount.  The whole terrace outdoors has an unnatural feel...the surfaces are very plain, sleek, and the only nature in sight are a few newly planted (and mostly non-native) trees.\n\nPhilly is filled with old, homey bars in old buildings with character, and many have outdoor seating areas with big old trees.  This is a new bar and it screams one and only one thing: MONEY-MAKER.\n\nI also think the beers tend to be on the pricey side.  Many of them I've obtained cheaper elsewhere.  I wonder how much of the cost of each beer goes to pay the probably-exorbitant rent in this place.  That's not where I want my money going...encouraging developers to build more eyesores like this building.\n\nI think there are many better places to enjoy good beer."
: "C'mon. Nothing to complain about here. A substantial lunch, sauce bar, adequate seating, and located next to the Starbucks so you can grab and quick after lunch coffee for the road. The setting leaves something to be desired, but hey, for these prices, one cannot complain a bit."
: "Before you even enter the building you can tell from looking into the windows that it's not an authentic Vietnamese restaurant. No hoisin sauce or siracha on the tables.\n\nOnce you order it gets worse. The spring rolls (cha gio) are tasty, but don't resemble Vietnamese spring rolls at all. The skin is too thick and the variety of ingredients in the roll doesn't much resemble a traditional Vietnamese spring roll. The dipping sauce (nuoc cham) is too sweet and doesn't taste right either.\n\nThe pho is even more disappointing. The broth is devoid of flavor. It's easy to tell that the soup was not cooked with beef bones for hours, and none of the proper spices such as star anise were used. It's served with lettuce instead of the plate of bean sprouts, basil, cilantro and mint leaves that usually accompany the dish. As mentioned earlier, the traditional condiments were not available on the table so I had to ask for them. No soup spoon was provided, and let me tell you, eating soup with a shallow tablespoon doesn't work too well. \n\nIt's unfortunate that this is the only \"Vietnamese\" restaurant in the city. I hope nobody mistakens this for authentic Vietnamese because this is NOT a faithful representation of the culinary culture at all."
: "This place is reallly good and for any college students reading this its VERY CHEAP! 3.25 for 2 tacos! the only reason why i am giving it 4 stars is because they need to turn down the garlic just a tad...like even 30min after I ate it I still had an after taste of garlic. i had the chicken and carne tacos both were delish!"
: "Let's give them the benefit of the doubt, and hope they pay back all their back taxes. \n\nI think their best flavor is BURNT CARAMEL.\n\nI have friends who go orgasmic for their hot fudge and fresh whipped cream, so get a sundae!  \n\nAlso you can find pre-packaged pints at La Verde's for $5 if you already know what you want.  Yup, they're cheaper and open later, if you need Tosci's but they're closed."
: "Purchased tickets to Culinary Fight Night, and was to redeem them tomorrow, August 19, 2012. Can't get anyone to answer or respond. From what I have found online I think its closed?"
: "Good wine, good service, and we enjoyed the salumi which are basically cured meats. Definitely needs more food options. Good for a glass of wine and a light snack."
: "Simply the best pizza in CU. I grew up in the Chicago area and consider myself a pizza snob. This is definitely on par with Giordano's or Gino East, two very well know Chicagoland Pizzerias. I highly recommend all of their pizza, especially their deep dish."
: "This place has really good food and is reasonably priced.  I was surprised so may BBQ places overcharge and don't taste good, ribs too dry and no flavor.  I had the cowboy reuben and was a little hesitante to order beef brisket b/c a lot of places don't cook it right and it is dry.  Boy was it not dry and was so delicious.  We had the chocolate chip cookie ice cream bar for dessert and it would have been even better if the cookie was softer, or even served warm.  Really good and will make the trip next time we want a good BBQ lunch/dinner.  If you are contemplating give it a try I bet you won't be disappointed. YUM!"
: "Samir has NEVER failed me.  I started coming to this restaurant way before it became Samirs.  I started coming when it was a sub shop, then Samir converted it to his Mediterranean Grill in Spring of '06.  I would say that his $3.50 sandwiches are the BEST BANG FOR THE BUCK.  Not only are these things tasty, spicy, and fullfilling, but for $3.50 these things are damn near a steal.  I honestly wouldn't be surprised if Samir decides up the price for them soon.  As far as the plates go, they are fullfilling yet light!  I never thought I could eat a full meal, yet feel soo good about what I was eating.  A nice salad, the right amount of rice and meat, side of pita bread, and you got yourself a meal.  \n\nI absolutely love Samirs service.  Always tells the server, to bring me a 7up(remember I'm a regular, or according to Samir, \"Boss\".)  He is quick on the getting the food prepared, cooked, and ready to eat.  If he isn't there, his sons and wife know how to pick up the slack and make sandwiches and plates just the way Samir does.:)"
: "As my wife says, it's a \"restaurant run by MBAs.\"  They pick a theme based on market research, a location based on market research, a menu based on market research, and then pay employees to put up with customers in exchange for money.  \n\nIf I'm wrong in those assumptions, the owners of that place should have tried harder to dispel that feeling.\n\nThere is no love at The Asgard.  Frankly, they could have called it J.J. O'Smellyballs' Ye' Olde Taverne and the name would have fit."
: "I really love this place! I travel quite allot for work and eat at a variety of places. However, I always have to hit up Daphne's in La Jolla Village when I get back. I love the Starter Hummus appetizer. Fire Feta is my favorite, however most people I've had try it, find it too spicy for them. Their lunch Pita Burger (I like mine with feta cheese on top) special with fries (you can also get rice and a salad instead) and a drink is an awesome deal and very tasty. I've been going there so often, that the people know me now and once in a while I can even get a free beverage or appetizer there. It's excellent quality for a chain eatery. I highly recommend it."
: "We got there on 04-27-12, the husband and I. This place is in the middle of downtown SLO and there is like a coffee shop next to it. The hotel shares the parking with this restaurant and is kind of hectic. When we got there the TV cable wasnt working and they were working on it. The room has a french theme and it was a good size. The TV is only 19 inches and we finally later in the evening we got cable service  and were disappointed with the poor selection of channels.  It is a pretty hotel and the girls at the front were polite and cheery. We got the bottom floor and the people upstairs were making noise  till 11-12. Pretty, but noisy. We didnt have a fridge in the room neither."
: "Note to self: buy cardstock and make own colored copies. I waited almost ten minutes to get ten copies. Granted the machine wasn't behaving, but I wasn't only person getting frustrated at the lack of service. At most places, there are more than one heavy duty copiers, but not this place. I was almost tempted to have them give me a stack of cardstock so I could use the self-service colored copiers; however, that is what I get for thinking. I don't think I will be coming back here because I have had better experiences else where."
: "Finally...actual Mexican food.  \n\nI love that they separate the  menu into 'traditional' and 'tex-mex'  so people know that there is a difference. \n\nI've had several different items from the menu, but the huarache is by far my favorite.  As far as meat, I've only ever had the chicken tinga, but it's clearly good enough that I don't get anything else."
: "It's with great excitement that I appoint FIVE stars to Pampas and celebrate my 100th review!\n\nEating here is truly an experience.  As it was my first time at Pampas, we chose the Rodizio menu which allowed us full access to their side bar as well as an unlimited selection of meats. This is a fantastic place for a couple or for a group. Definitely expect to be there for a few hours.\n\nWhat makes this experience fun is the variety of salads, vegetables and other dishes at the side bar as well as the magic red/green \"button\".  We joked that it was the easy button... as soon as you flip the button over from red to green, carvers in green chef jackets come to your table nearly immediately procuring different meats on large skewers.  Until you flip that \"button\" back, they will continue to come.  For larger pieces of meat you'll put to use the small personal tongs to grab the top portion while the carver completes his cut.\n\n\nOur server came over and took our drink order. I thought I'd try out the Alma which resulted in an alcoholic smoothie. No, not thick - just reminiscent in taste. After this, I changed it up to a gin dirty martini.\n\nNext their \"bread\" arrived at the table consisting of crispy polenta, a cheesy roll/biscuit, and a fried panko crusted banana. \n\nAfter filling my plate at the side bar with baby spinach salad, red and yellow beets, julienned carrots and a banana vinaigrette, tabbouleh,  grilled peaches, sautteed button mushrooms, hearts of palm, Spanish olives, collard greens, balled watermelon with a hint of fresh mint, and mashed potatoes that I could've sworn were perfectly whipped with coconut milk; I returned to our table, flipped the \"button\" over and tried the Lombo (spicy pork tenderloin). As it was slow roasted, the juices and flavor was amazing. Next up was the Fraldinha (skirt steak with an onion herb marinade)... again aromatic and perfectly cooked.  That was quickly followed by the Sirloin filet with garlic and herbs, Tri-tip, and Presunto (black forest ham with grilled pineapple).  When the  Frango Picante (chicken legs marinated with garlic and spices) and Frango (chicken legs) came by.. I had to decline.  \n\nAre you kidding me, I would've LOVED to try it however did you read everything I ate? \n\nSo I found a skosh more room.  I had a double espresso and their chocolate torte with caramel ice cream (HEAVENLY) and a brazil nut toffee with bacon and smoked sea salt. See, I wouldn't have consumed any more... but bacon was mentioned. I'm a sucker for bacon.\n\nTurns out I chose well... the toffee was amazing, the caramel ice cream was stupendous.  The torte itself, meh - nothing to write home about, but the aforementioned made up for that. \n\nOur server, whose name escapes me at the moment! was fantastic; funny, confident and good looking. :)\n\n\nNeedless to say, I left absolutely satisfied."
: "I don't indulge in many desserts because my metabolism isn't what it used to be.  Tiff's Treats is my choice for the dessert I want when I splurge.  Nutty Sugar Cone ice cream from HEB is the other.  I have yet to try them together but it seems like an awfully obvious idea to try.  Can't believe I didn't think of this before.  Thank you yelp."
: "So I went back to give this place another chance and I am very happy with the results. Mariam blew my hair out and did exactly what I asked.  So thank you! I will be back!"
: "I love hawaiian bbq and saw L&L when I was researching for quick places to eat.\nI have eaten here a few times since its close to some of the hotels.\n\nAs people mentioned it easy in and out take out.  The quality of the food is so-so because the few times I ordered chicken or beef ribs, it had fat pieces in there.\nReason why I ranked it high was the marinated chicken and mac salad.  Very hard to duplicate.\n\nIf you have ever tried hawaiian bbq at other placese its very similar and hard to find similar food that tastes \"hawaiian\"  It does help satisfy your craving for hawaiian food."
: "Someone needs to bring a voice of reason to this 5 star mania!\nThe coffee here is pretty good, but it's not enough to stick five gold stars all over. \n\nAlso, the baristas have attitude, yet I can not pinpoint which one is the worst offender  because the majority of them have longish, blackish, jaggedish hair with black thick rimmed glasses. Sneaky."
: "Never tried the food, but I was very disappointed by the customer service and ethics of this company. I purchased a Living Social voucher for $200 worth of catering and the terms said \"service area includes 40-mile radius of DC; travel fees may apply for greater distances\". Nowhere did it say that local delivery was not included or was additional. I had several conversations with the manager about my event and then learned at the last minute that they wanted me to pay a very high delivery fee. I tried to negotiate but the company would not budge. It was a classic \"bait and switch\" tactic that only a rip-off company would use. I canceled my order and living social refunded my purchase price, but I was left scrambling at the last minute."
: "The Stand claims they have never had any health violations, but then I don't see why a member of the Health Department would tell us that they went and inspected the place and found things (I believe one of the things he said was that the grills were not hot enough) if they didn't..  Even if that individual did misreport things to us, the way the Stand's staff treated us when we were just trying to warn them is completely unacceptable.  A simple \"thank you.  we'll look into that\" would have been fine.  A surly response and being accused of lying by the staff (and now the manager)? Not fine.  Hopefully, a down economy weeds out businesses like this with crappy customer service."
: "SERIOUSLY PEOPLE.  I mean, in a city with a campus known for it's crush of intelligent people, this bagel shop has got a lot to learn.  I have a meeting on the Berkeley campus at 10:30 am on a Saturday, arrive at 10:15 am, think I have time to stop and get a bagel.  25 minutes later....with a burnt tongue.  The shop was severely understaffed and those that were working moved at the speed of gigantic sloths.  The manager didn't bat and eyelash when the workers messed up a total of three orders before mine, I mean, she actually smirked when one of her workers gave a woman lip for complaining that she didn't want meat on her bagel. Then, she made me my latte after about 20 minutes.  First sip, scalded my tongue, I mean, in a dangerous scary way.  This place is the WORST ever.  I mean, wow, how do you fuck up smearing cream cheese on a bagel?"
: "I actually just got back from there. I was starving, so I walked from UCLA down to subway, figuring on some decent, but cheap food. Mistake number one. \n\nThey overtoasted my sub. To the point where it is like eating a crouton. To add injury to insult, the man working put the wrong sauce on my sub. I asked for sweet onion only. And he put something else on, then picked up another bottle. When I said something he promptly replied \"no I didn't.\" The line was out the door, and I was starving. So I went with it. Whatever, right? \n\nWrong. I just bit into my sub and found a rather long hair in it. The man MAKING my sub, didn't have long hair. So I'm assuming this was already in the ingredients. \n\nVenture forth with caution."
: "On my quest to find the perfect crepe in a 10 block radius of my workplace, I was anxious to try out this creperie.  Having experienced a horrible faux-crepe @ Artopolis the day before, my spirits were down.  I read about the wait, the service time, etc. and wondered to myself if my measly one hour lunch break would be sufficient.  Luckily, I take a late lunch (2-3pm) and was pleased when my girlfriend and I were able to take a seat in their humble dining room with only one other couple mid-lunch.  Service was quick - we ordered the goat cheese/ratatouille crepe and the goat cheese/carmelized onions/mushroom crepe.  Both were served with a side of greens with balsamic.  Both were delicious (although we both preferred the ratatouille version) and balanced.  The portion was big enough to split, if one was planning on having a sweet crepe after.  We splurged and tried the basic Nutella crepe for dessert.  Delicious, crisp edges, perfect amount of Nutella.  (Although, if you're like me, you'll remember to ask them to hold the confectioners sugar next time).  The service was on par and courteous.  The only unusual thing was the techno beats playing overhead.  Il faut y aller!"
: "I love going here! They have great sushi and a nice variety. Prices are reasonable, especially for a college student date night. The only thing I don't care for about Yamato is how they squeeze everyone in-it isn't unusual to eat your entire dinner almost immediately next to another table. You are so close you might as well share your conversation. The atmosphere is a little on the upscale side, but don't feel like you need to wear your absolute best. Service is alright; I am picky when it comes to customer service and they don't meet my high expectations, but they aren't horrible either."
: "I guess it's not bad for what they do - which isn't much. \n\nThe basic interior/exterior wash is 15.99 here. I thought they would do a better job if I got the more expensive one for 26.99 so I got that but no it was all the same quick, crappy work that they were doing to everyone's car. They're all about getting your car cleaned quickly here, which is fine if you want an overall clean look, but if you look closely at any part of your car you'll realize it's really still got a layer of grime left. Now I know the 'quality' level of their work so I'll come here with lower expectations next time. I.e. if I just want a general quick wash and vacuum and then I'll just detail the interior/exterior myself. Ultimately I'll do a better job than anything they could probably do even if I did pay for them to detail it."
: "Everyone says eat at Hoagie Haven right next door, but the locals know George's does hot sandwiches much better. They use better quality ingredients and only cost a tinnnny bit more. Whenever I am home in Princeton I make sure to get a Buffalo Chicken Cheesesteak. It may be one of the greatest things I've ever had. Back in senior year of high school I used to eat here almost every day for lunch.\n\n The only negative is that they close a lot earlier than Hoagie Haven."
: "I waited for 45 minutes for my food. The frist time they messed up my order so I waited for an extra 10 minutes. It was not until I was home that I found out that they gave me the same WRONG order. The food from this place is bad and I would preter McDonald's any day, which is much cheaper and tastier. Not going to this place again."
: "Fantastic.  My wife and I have been wanting to go here for a while, and last night we finally got around to going.  We had a great table in the corner, affording us a view of the open kitchen as well as all the other tables.  The wait staff was extremely friendly, knowledgeable, and attentive.  And of course, the food was out of this world.  We had the 6-course tasting dinner, consisting of 2 seafoods, 1 soup, 1 vegetable, 1 meat, and dessert.  The absolute standout of the evening was the spring onion soup with a grilled cheese sandwich made with cheese from Borough Market in London (which we had just visited in January).  The soup was creamy and tasted just like spring should taste, and the sandwich was quite possibly the most perfect grilled cheese sandwich in existence.  Also fantastic was the yellowtail tuna over avocado and the lamb trifecta - loin, tongue, and sweetbreads.  I would heartily recommend CoM to anybody who loves food."
: "Best. Fries. Ever.\n\nWe ordered an assortment of items and our favorites were most definitely the duck fat fries and crostini with pickled cherries, honey and ricotta. People rant and rave about the poutine, but I personally found the plain ole' fries to be better than those smothered in gravy. To each their own, I suppose.\n\nThe GGGinger is among the best drinks I've ever had and I applaud the fact that they have Pimm's on their drink menu.\n\nThe bill wasn't as hefty as expected and our stomachs were bursting at the seams when we left, which was a pleasant surprise."
: "I actually cannot understand what people liked about this place. It was the worst food I have ever had at a Japanese restaurant and my friend and I both got ill from the food (we had totally different dishes). Details:\n- even on a Saturday night the food seemed old and like it had been sitting around\n- I ordered a noodle dish and tempura, both of which were clearly pre-frozen. The tempura was the worst I have ever had and tasted more like onion rings than lightly battered Japanese fare.\n- My friend's dist, a beef and rice bowl, had only a few measly pieces of meat and was grossly greasy.\n\nHonestly, we didn't dare eat the sushi here as the case looked dingy and the fish looked old. I am not an expert in Japanese food or sushi, but I know fresh food when I see it.\n\nDid I mention they were BLASTING obnoxious music the whole time? Like absolutely full volume. \n\nDo not eat here."
: "I'm done with this place. They are the rudest people I've ever met, the fact that they are allowed to run a food establishment is more than criminal. And what the f**k is with the sushi chef who watches YouTube videos on his laptop at the same table, every day? He must be bored. Maybe he's bored because service is slow. Maybe service is slow BECAUSE YOU'RE A BUNCH OF F***ING A**HOLES!!\n\nYou reap what you sow.\n\nAnd how people still manage to give this place more than 1 star is BEYOND ME."
: "I haven't been to ZuZu in about 5 years and my memory was that the food was good. Went for dinner before a show last night and had the worst meal I've ever had. I had the pork loin, two dry, tough, tasteless hockey pucks over green beans and amazingly flavorless bacon, served with mashed potatoes that should have been left in the paste can. The presentation looked like an angry three-year-old had hurled the stuff on the plate. I'm sure I'll be back for drinks and music, but never again to eat. Wow."
: "I really loved this restaurant. The chefs are awesome and the food was really good. Plus you can't beat good sushi at half price every night for happy hour. You really can't. I had Tamago, Urchin, Octopus, the Sandra Roll, the #5 Roll, and the Tuna Jalapeno sashimi.\nIn the words of Kuitan, OOOO-ishi!"
: "I only get one thing here; the gyro plate. Before they used to charge extra for credit/debit, I came here more often. The gyro plate has very generous lamb slices, served with pita and hummus, your choice of rice/fries, and salad. What is it with campus area merchants adding this credit/debit surcharge these days?!"
: "As good as it gets for Burgers in Claremont. This place serves the \"Back Abbey\" burger, which is what I'll review below. They also carry an extensive collection of European import brews on tap. Located in the newly developed area of the Claremont village, the Back Abbey is nestled in a small building with some out side seating. The decor is a  industrial feel to it, but also a mixture of small Euro brew house. \n\nI walked in and was directed to one of the open tables. Within a few minutes, an attentive server was getting us drinks and menus. I perused the fare for a bit, but ultimately settled on the Back Abbey burger (medium) and the half order of fries. The burger arrived in about 15 minutes, warm and fresh. The patty was very fresh tasting compared to some of the burgers I had eaten recently. The Brioche bun had an aoili of some sort on it and some greens. There was a slice of smoked bacon on there was well. The fries were done in duck fat, perfectly crisped and oozing with flavor. All in all, the meal was fabulous, though a little on the pricey side (13 dollars for the burger).\n\nEverything added up here. I really enjoyed the meal and the beer selection. It's definitely a place to make a return trip."
: "I went in here to buy my girlfriend a present for her birthday, and I usually don't like to buy her clothes because she always ends up exchanging them.  However, I ended up walking into Kaitlyn, and the girls who worked there were extremely helpful, and sold me into buying a few articles of clothing and some jewelry which my girlfriend loved! I thought the price was very reasonable since I was ready to pay a small fortune of my small paycheck so props to Kaitlyn on that. Double props for having awesome service and hiring some girls who are verrrry easy on the eyes too.\n\nI will not hesitate to come back again!"
: "I ate at Minami for the first time tonight. The experience was horrible, and I felt compelled to register and write a review.\n\nWe got there at 6pm on a Sunday, and we didn't get seated until 6:30. I didn't expect it to be busy at all, so I guess the Minami people didn't either, because the service was terrible. There were only 2 waitresses and 2 chefs for the entire place, trying to accommodate a packed house with 2 very large parties. Ok, maybe I can understand this, but...\n\nThe waitress was very attentive for the first 5 minutes, before we even opened up our menu. There are 2 menus, and they are a visual pleasure, so it took us 10-15 minutes. By this time, the waitress had completely ignored the table. I had to raise my hand, and it was already around 7pm.\n\nThe food took over 1 hour to be served.  Yes we were checking our watches. And the hot food items were cold! I even saw other people's plates just sitting on the counter for over 15 minutes. We wondered if they were just on display, but they actually served this to other people. So I can't blame the chefs, although in addition the rolls were very sloppily cut...uneven pieces and some too big to fit in one bite. Decent taste though. When the waitress served a few plates, I asked her if the other plates were on the way, and she looked at me like she didn't know we had ordered more food. The other waitress had to bring them to us.\n\nWe finally finished at around 9pm. I can't believe the entire dining experience took 3 hours. I wouldn't have minded as much if at any time during the 1 hour wait, the waitress had come over and apologized for the wait and offered a free appetizer, anything to hold us over.\n\nThey were so strange, ignoring certain tables and quick (well, relatively quick) with others. I couldn't figure out the pattern. One table came after us, were brought their food before us, and left before us. I also overheard other tables complaining about the wait time, so we weren't the only ones.\n\nI will never go here again. And I don't care if they have great service any other day/time, a restaurant is only as good as the experience you had with them. Because if people have a negative experience, they will never come back. These people need to be on Kitchen Nightmares. Gordon Ramsey would never allow this!"
: "I've been coming to Angelos since I was here at U-M as an undergrad, and am happy to report that nothing much has changed. It's still packed during the school year, with lines that stretch out the door. \n\nAngelos is only open for breakfast and dinner, until 3 if memory serves. They have a lot of 'famous' dishes, such as the deep fried French toast, but since I prefer savory, I always go with an omelet. For $8.75, you get an omelet with 4 fillings (including cheese) which comes with toast. Their bread is homemade, and they offer white, wheat, or raisin (which is a $.75 upcharge, but worth it). The omelets do not come with potatoes, but if you're a lumberjack and can put it away, I recommend ordering the potatoes (which are cubed and grilled, not grated or sliced) with the added onions, peppers and cheese - really delicious. \n\nMy husband is more of a lunch person, so when we go he always orders the Rueben with a side of sweet potato fries. It is a robust sandwich, and tastier if you order it with slaw instead of kraut. I'm also a fan of the chicken salad, which you can get fried or grilled, with some delicious homemade ranch. \n\nYou might have to wait to get a seat, but you won't walk out hungry."
: "I did my research and decided to come to Foothill Quickly Smog. I first viewed their Smog special on their website and then got a great deal! For a certificate I paid $35 and got a free car wash! Awesome special and a great price. It was so fast too! Less than 15 minutes for sure. It's located behind the car wash, literally on the back side of the building. \nGiven their little secluded location, there is not much of a waiting space. Just some chairs outside. Not so great on a hot sunny day (like today) or a rainy day. Otherwise, I will be coming back."
: "It was so good!! It was Noon on Sunday when the first opened. The staff was great and nice. The food was the best. \n\nI will have to go back. iPhone owners should check in with Gowalla."
: "Delicious beer and food. Very polite wait staff. But loud, and chuck full of yuppies, which are not necessarily horrible things. One of the best options in Princeton."
: "I think the Cambridge Center takes a bit of a back seat to it's bigger colleague, the Boston Center.  That's a shame.  The CCAE is a lovely place.  They offer lots of great classes and have a funky, laid back feel even while being well organized and thorough.\nI've been around the Center for my whole life.  My parents have volunteered there for as long as I can remember, I have taken classes, my kids have taken classes, and most recently I've even done some teaching there myself.\nI think maybe the center has a bit of a reputation of being stodgy or for old people, but that is really not the case, and I totally suggest checking out the catalog at www.ccae.org"
: "Too bad I can't rate this place with NO star!  What a horrible experience!  The salon is quite beautiful and I naively walked in.  Immediately, two or three women approached me and as I was trying to tell them I just wanted a full set of acrylic nails, they are bombarding me with questions....wanting me to get other services.  They suggested a pedicure so I agreed.  Once in the chair, they were all over me!  One woman grabbed my right hand and another grabbed my left.  Another started working on my feet. They did NOT soak my old nails off but started digging and cutting them off with a pincher thing.  I kept telling them they were hurting me but that did little good.  The one on the left said, \"I give you special manicure...only $15 more!\"  She started cutting my cuticles and that took about a minute and THAT was ALL I got for my $15.  Then  a fourth woman comes over and ask if I'd like to have my eyebrows waxed.  Ok.  Why not.  Then she wants to do my chin and around my upper lip.  Ok.  The next thing I know, she has waxed my entire chin and RIPPED my skin off.  She did the same to my cheek and RIPPED a piece of skin off the size of a quarter!  So, I ended up with THE worst set of acrylic nails I've ever had, a decent pedicure, and an injured face for $i48 AND had to tip FOUR people!  I wanted to scream at them what a terrible job they had done but all I wanted to do was get out of there!  NEVER go to this place!"
: "Ok, I have recently discovered that Snowman's got a variety of changing soft serve fat free/low cal \"Only 8\" ice cream/frozen dairy like product.\n\nSame price as soft serve. Delicious.\n\nOne of these days I'll try the hard serve, but for what it is - you can't go wrong with any of their soft serve items.\n\nGive in to the rainbow sprinkles.\n\nAlso saw mastercard and visa stickers here, so looks like they are taking them now."
: "I would say that Border Cafe is the best Mexican Food in Cambridge.  And it's a pretty chill place to take a large group.  \n\nStrong drinks are highly appreciated - staff is not stingy with the tequila when it comes to their margaritas.  And the chips and salsas are top tier.  \n\nLet's face it, Mexican food is Mexican food.  The booze at Border is the differentiating factor here and that's enough in my book."
: "Santa Fe Cafe was the best bar in College Park up until about the year it closed down.  Their specials were decent and dependable, usually always $2 bud or $2 rails.  On Wednesday nights they would sometimes have $2 Yuenglings or Rolling Rocks.\n\nI never had an opportunity to eat at Fe, but if you're complaining about bar food in a college town, go to a real restaurant!  Bar food is typically always the same and never that good.\n\nThe best part of Fe was the live music it used to have usually on Wednesdays, Fridays, and Saturdays.  This was not like the other college bars because the music attracted a different crowd then the younger over intoxicated kids that just come to grind on each other.  They had great acts such as Afroman, Asher Roth, Busta Rhymes, Eve 6, Lit, The Bloodhound Gang, Junior Marvin, and many more!  It also supported all the amazing local bands in CP.  Ever since it closed, our music scene is almost non existent.  It was my favorite place in college park and I wish it were still open!"
: "Another great burger joint found!\n\nCheeburger Cheeburger has a very retro, 50's vibe to it. This may seem off-putting to those looking for a gourmet style burger, but have no fear, this place offers amazing food!\n\nThe menu was a bit overwhelming, but they helped us figure out what was going on and ordering became quite simple. My fiance and mother shared one of their gardenburger wraps (huge plus that they offer veggie burgers, by the way), and I got a \"Serious\" burger (1/2 lb) cooked medium with cheddar, sauteed onions and mushrooms, guacamole, and jalapenos on top. We also ordered a medium basket of fries along with zesty horseradish and creamy jalapeno dips.\n\nFirst off, I know they enjoyed their veggie burger wrap. My fiance is very picky about getting veggie burgers, as only certain patties appeal to her, and she loved this one. The fries were also very good, we topped them with their signature seasoning, there was a ton in the basket, and they tasted excellent with the sauces. But the clincher, IMO, was my burger. I was amazed at how big, juicy, and perfectly cooked the patty was. Topped off with all my favorite choices, as well as some of the jalapeno dip to add some kick, and this is one of the best burgers I've had at any place! I can definitely say I'll be visiting Cheeburger Cheeburger a lot more now that I know how good the food is here!"
: "I came here to satisfy a boba craving and left unsatisfied.  Their milk tea boba is absolutely tasteless and really watered down.  The only reason why I could imagine someone coming here is because it has wifi and is close to UCLA... as for myself, I'd much rather spend my $2.50 on a Stan's donut or a slice of pizza at Enzo's.  \n\nOne star for location and one star for good customer service."
: "I have never actually bought a shirt here, I just go to look at the shirts and get a good laugh.  They are UrbanO-esque shirtswith catchy lines and vintage looks, there are band shirts and images of all your favorite icons.  Not all are G rated so be sure not to take your 7 year old sister along."
: "Paid a visit to Wagamama a couple of days ago and was nothing but impressed. Service was slightly frenetic, but I think that's likely due to the fact there was only one server on duty and well, lots of diners... I'm a vegetarian and there was  a variety of options. I ordered the Yasai Itame, which is rice noodles with veggies and tofu in a rich, wonderful coconut broth. The broth was fantastic and the bowl, though smaller than some of what I saw around me, was more than enough for a couple of meals. And it was so good that I was happy to have leftovers to dig into later."
: "CHEAP! CHEAP! CHEAP!\n\nDepending on whether they clean the grease that day, your fried food can be golden or as tanned as George Hamilton.\n\nAfter the bar late at night, or craving fried chicken any time I head on over and play grease roulette there. It's soo bad it's good.\n\nLove their orangey mac and cheese.\n\nLove their slaw.\n\nNot soo much the heartburn stuff I take after, but still it's cheap and filling"
: "As of today, it looks like they're renovating the place, probably spending a lot of money upgrading the decor. \n\nUnfortunately for the owners (new owners?) of Frizzante, the looks of the restaurant were never what kept people away. The service wasn't great, and the food was a few small steps up from Chef Boyardee. \n\nWith no other Italian restaurants in this part of Harlem, it's hard to believe this place has trouble surviving."
: "A neo-rustic ware-house bistro,  chic in presentation and attitude. The food borders on good to really good. service good to fair. They put real butter in the pasta and they don't skimp on portions. Plan on spending one hundred dollars for two people. Drink some Italian wine to make the experience better. You're sitting on the border of housing projects and Bio-Techs. Hmmm. Outpost?. Almost."
: "An unbelievable place! More variety, more yummy treats than I've found in any other supermarket or ethnic grocery in greater DC. OK, examples:\nFresh mushrooms: Wow - not just oyster mushrooms, also King Oysters, maitake, shimeji (hen o the woods) and lots of others, depending on when you go. Low prices. They have a great collection of dried fungi too.\nIce milk bars: Taro, red bean, green bean, black sesame, lychee are just some of the flavors. I try to ration them to myself.\nAloe vera juice: are you addicted yet? You're gonna need H&A - they have huge bottles in a crazy assortment of flavors."
: "Odd spices for Indian food, over-cooked dishes, garlic nan without garlic equals a disaster! I have eaten Indian fast food before which wasn't terribly impressive but THIS was outstandingly poor! Hope I can forget this experience soon!"
: "Manny's is located in a pretty convenient place on Telegraph. I would say its a pretty \"safe\" pub. The prices are good, their selection is pretty average, and the service is chill.\n\nAll in all, compared with its counterparts in the area, its a fairly average place to go. The food here is limited and not really worth ordering in my opinion. If you want food with your beer, try visiting Blakes or Jupiters. Otherwise, if you just want a place to chill, drink beer, and hang out but can't be bothered to walk down to Shattuck (Becketts) or drive (Albatross/Red Rock) , Manny's is a \"safe\" decision."
: "I'm not too much into science and technology but was very entertained by the exhibits. I especially like the moving Holograms and the Gestural Engineering section. I was hoping that MIT would infuse me with some extra smartness by just being in its presence, but alas no. It takes less than an hour to peruse the museum. Definitely a must see while in Boston/Cambridge.\n\nWe geeked out and bought too much in the gift shop!"
: "Eek! I just don't think their ice cream is that good. The flavors are, you know, the same ones you can find anywhere, and the quality is just average. Go elsewhere to find rich, creamy delicious ice cream or unique flavors. 2 stars.\n\nI'm tacking on a 3rd star because I like that they offer dairy free/ no moo/ vegan (whatever you want to call it) ice cream and \"milk\" shakes. Only two flavors-- chocolate and peanut butter-- but it's something. I'd like to see them expand those options.\n\nIt's kind of a dingy, not-so-nice location overall, so I have always opted for take-out rather than eat-in. It would take a makeover of the physical space, and an expansion of the menu, to get me to feel more enthusiastic about this so-so joint."
: "Never again over priced Chinese food ."
: "Wow. \n\nThe food here was delicious (among the best fine dining meals I've sampled in Boston) but the staff and service at this place was truly, truly exceptional. It *was* the best I've experienced in Boston...and ranks up there with the best anywhere.  \n\nDefinitely recommend and definitely going back."
: "_ _ _ _ _ _ _\n_-_-_-_-_-_-   Bweeeeeeee RAPID 0 to 60 on downtown Boston roadways!\n\n                                                                 _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ \nBweeeeeeee hold on for SHARP turns!  _-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-\n\n_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __\n_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_   Bweeeeeeee SLAMMING on breaks to avoid collisions!\n\n                                                                  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _\nBweeeeeeee you almost HIT a cyclist!     _-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_\n\n\n\n~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~   A roller coaster of a ride home!   ~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~\n                                              Bweeeeeeee!"
: "Review in progress... PS ~ this place has AMAZING food and beer!"
: "Siam is my favorite Thai restaurant in Urbana. I love their vegetarian options (even though I eat meat) - they make a mean mock duck and they are willing to substitute Seitan into just about any dish. I discovered the CRISPY pad thai about a year ago, and it's become my favorite dish (pad thai that's fried? what's not to love??).\n\nThe very best part about this restaurant is the fact that they deliver to Urbana residents EAST of Vine st. My only complaint about this place is the variable service (esp since they don't take reservations). I've been here for both dinner and lunch on several occasions and I have to say depending on which server you get, the service is either great or horrendous. beware..."
: "YESS!!!\n\nThat is an understatement of my love for this restaurant...Having graduated last May from USC but continuing to bum around the area, I am ecstatic about the opening of Jacks N Joe.\n\nIt took me a while to check this place out, but now that I have it has become a staple in the BF and my weekend routine.  In the countless times now that I've been here, I have actually only ever ordered the Combo 1 with the Pudgie Elvis pancakes (the combo itself is $8.50, plus $2 to substitute the world's most amazing pancakes for the, equally delicious I'm sure, buttermilk ones).  The combo includes two eggs, two sausage links or strips of bacon, breakfast potatoes, and two pancakes.  The eggs, sausage (which I usually order), and potatoes are all pretty standard diner fare...nothing special, but are perfectly prepared every time and hit the breakfast spot.  The Pudgie Elvis pancakes, however, are OUT OF THIS WORLD!!  \n\nI'm a huge foodie and I have eaten my share of pancakes...I do not exaggerate when I say these are some of the best I've EVER had.  They are the perfect combination of sweet and a little savory (not so sugary that they leave that waxy feeling in the inside of my mouth, but enough so that they feel a little sinful to eat so early in the day).  They are fluffy, but not cakey.  The bananas are sliced and placed in perfect proportion on top as is the peanut butter sauce which is drizzled over the whole thing.  Positively delicious.  The orange juice and coffee are excellent as well.  Actually, the coffee is exceptional and comes with unlimited and frequent refills, always a plus.  I've sampled the BF's frequent selection, the DaKine French Toast (also fantastic), as well as the WTF?! Pancakes (yummy and definitely a different take on the traditional breakfast cake).\n\nConsidering how busy this place always seems to be, the service is outstanding!  My water and coffee are constantly being refilled, and it is with this same frequency that I am asked if I am enjoying my meal (always a \"yes\"!).  It is not the annoying, over eager kind of service that makes me feel like I need to scarf down my food and rush out of the place, rather it is sincere and welcoming.  Even when I have had to wait, it is never for too long, and from the second we are seated the service is prompt.  Inevitably, each time I visit I see the owner, Mark, on the floor helping the staff or greeting patrons.  Without fail he manages to make his way through each table to ask personally if we are enjoying the experience (again, always a \"yes\").\n\nThe decor is homey and inviting, with photos of dogs (some I presume to be the owner's) and area landmarks emblazoned on the wallpaper by the restrooms.  I've noticed some cool industrial elements as well...steel bleacher benches at some of the larger tables, tractor seats that serve as the chairs at the counter by the kitchen, and old license plates framing the mirrors in the restrooms.\n\nGiven the number of shitty and all too familiar fast-food chain restaurants along Figueroa, this place is a Godsend to the brunch crowd at USC, and heck to the foodies of LA!"
: "I cannot say enough good about Dr. McDowell.  She is competent, caring, gentle with the animals and shows genuine concern about their stress and discomfort.  Yesterday when working on my rabbits jaw abcess she had to stop a couple of times and just let him be a rabbit, as she put it.  He was gettin anxious and uncomfortable being on his back.  She didn't didn't run a bunch of diagnostic blood tests on a 12 year old rabbit who is doing fine but was in for a checkup (primarily to check teeth to avoid problems).  I appreciate that she has squeezed in my pets into an already busy schedule because they are sick.  She provides excellent care at reasonable prices and they do their best to either see your pet quickly or will refer you to an emergency hospital."
: "I really liked Hungry Mother.  I read all the reviews and tried the beef tongue, shrimp and grits, the chicken and the steak.  It was all really good and we left really full!   The service was really good too.  However, I am not sure if it really had the WOW factor.  I only gave it 4 stars, instead of three, because I was really in the mood for a Reisling and they didn't have any but the waitress suggested the Vouvray, and it was perfect! I think that I may have held it to a higher standard bacause everyone gave it 5 stars and described the food with passion....."
: "It is true, as many other reviews state, that service can be slow.  And that depending on who happens to be in the store on any given day, there can be confusion about the state of progress (maybe there has been recent personnel hiring or turnover).  But these should be considered minor tests of patience in return for getting service that will be comprehensive, intelligent, and thoroughly explained with honesty even when it turns out that the customer is getting irritated and/or is ignorant on some important point.  If you have a problem, just ask for Tyler."
: "I have been seeing Dr. Anfang off and on over many years. Her superb chiropractic knowledge, compassion and skill have saved my neck (and back) over and over. Unlike other doctors' offices, Anfang Chiropractic never keeps me waiting for my appointments and is always able to work with my schedule. Kathy is friendly and efficient and makes going there a pleasure. But best of all is knowing that I will always get the very best care and an interested, involved and highly skilled practitioner. Plus, she loves my corny jokes."
: "Staff friendly and accommodating, but two mistakes made with our order. We ate a side as a dessert because they forgot it, yet still brought it just before the check. A bit expensive, even for a Palo Alto, esp since in a strip mall across from the high school.  Quality of ingredients high, but preparation fair to poor: wood fired pizza wasn't crispy enough, tagliatelle with greens and lemon was drenched in lemon juice, pasta was very tough, and the escarole strangely tasted like brussel sprouts.  Medium well burger, $13, was charred, about 1/3 inedible."
: "Hands down, the best place to have drinks for the sake of having the best drinks.    This is one of those bars where you shake your bartender's hand, exchange names and get service that's as good as the cocktails.  And if you don't know what you want, you are in expert hands.  Every drink I've asked the guys to make, by just giving them a rough description of what I'm looking for, has been spot on.\n\nThey have the largest selection of liquor that I've seen in the Chapel Hill area and well beyond.  Sounds odd, but their ice is great, the cherries are delicious and they make their own tonic.  Bartenders wear bowties and the wood-paneled decor rounds out their modern day Cheers vibe.  \"The Crunk\".  I love it."
: "Bowbarr is a pretty cool bar.  It's not too loud, and has lots of places to (comfortably) sit.  The decor looks custom made and fits the space well (except for the dining room table in the back, weird).  Love the multi-colored glass light bulbs around the bar which keep the space lit but still lend a lot to the ambiance.  Tasty drink specials like michelada, sangria, a lemony vodka thing, and the ubiquitous (in Carrboro at least) dark & stormy.  I was paying too much attention to the people I was with to fully notice the crowd, but no one seemed lame, mean, or creepy.\n\nMembers only, membership is $5, and a plus-- the membership cards are the coolest around.  A minus-- only one bathroom."
: "4 only because of the awesome happy hour. $2 drinks! although it might not be at convinient times (mon-fri 11am-7pm, when most are working).what sucks is the weird-o balled man that hit on my cousin and I. he asked us about our lip rings, which we didn't mind too much at first, but then he asked if we wanted to test them out. we we pretended not to hear him and asked him what he said, then he got really flustered and walked away. probably because he realized how inappropriate he was being. aside from him, the other waiters have been nice and helpful. the creepy guy seems to be some sort of superviser."
: "The Laughing Skull Lounge is a tiny comedy club located inside the Vortex Midtown.  To get inside the lounge, you have to enter the Vortex, walk through the dining area and back into the restroom hallway.  At the end of that narrow hallway is where the entrance to the lounge is.  Strange, but that's how it works.\n\nI went to the Laughing Skull Lounge twice to watch a friend perform some of his first ever stand-up comedy routines.  Tuesday and Wednesday nights are \"Open Mic\" nights at the lounge.  Doors open at 7:45pm and shows start at 8pm or shortly thereafter.  Tickets are $10 each and the show lasts 2 to 2.5 hours.\n\nOpen Mic nights are nights when a bunch of comedians sign up and perform roughly 5-minute acts on stage.  Most of the comics are amateurs and are getting into stand-up for their first time.  If you attend an Open Mic night, more than likely you will see several comics' performing for their first time on stage.  Because of this, you may witness some poor souls bomb.\n\nThe nights I went, there were 13 to 15 comics plus the host.  The host was pretty good and interjected humor between each act.  Our crowds were lucky as almost all of the acts were funny, though there were definitely a few bombs and WTF acts.  Be prepared because anything goes.  There were plenty of vulgar and highly offensive jokes to go around.\n\nAs mentioned previously, the lounge is tiny.  The room seats only 74 and everyone is nestled closely together.  The front row, which I think may be reserved for \"VIPs\" only, has a few small tables to set your drinks on.  The other rows consist of small, neatly arranged wooden chairs.  The back of the room is where the bar is, as well as a few staggered benches.\n\nThere is a two drink minimum (loosely enforced) and the drinks are strong.  No food is served, so if you plan to eat, plan to grab your meal before or after the show.  The Vortex next door being the most obvious choice for pre or post-gaming.\n\nStreet parking and various pay lots and parking decks are located close to the club.  Laughing Skull recommends parking in the AmeriPark lot across the street, which costs $5.  It's the most convenient lot."
: "We came here for the first time last week with my aunt. she got the beef noodle bowl and rated it 'ok'. My husband and i got the Tom Yum Hot Pot for two - it comes with an open flame and a tray of veggies and raw meat that you cook in the broth yourself! it was pretty fun, and tasty too. service was good, staff polite and attentive. pleasant casual ambience, nice atmosphere."
: "Without a doubt, the best farmers market I've ever been to in the US. The variety of items available is almost overwhelming--I always buy more than I've planned to. And the quality is excellent. Love talking to the vendors, who will gladly give you hints on how to store and prepare a produce item you've never used before. And wandering the stalls is such a pleasure--the smells, the beautiful piles of fruits and vegetables.\n\nWe are so lucky to have this market!"
: "The Village Cheese House is so quirky and great! You'll find plenty of unique European foods. I was thrilled to find De Ruijter sprinkles, which come in chocolate and other sugary flavors, and are great on buttered bread. Our Dutch neighbors brought them from Holland, and it was cool to see that we have them in Palo Alto too now! \n\nI haven't ever bought any cheese or sandwiches or deli items at this store, which is what it is known for...but I love looking around at everything and buying exotic candy!"
: "Oh Diddy Riese, my def pick me up after taking midterms/finals.. Lines get crazy on peak hours, but 1.50 for an ice cream sandwich or 5 bucks for a dozen cookies.... dude that's a really good deal. A week or two later, it's still edible! lol btw this place is cash only too. If you have family/friends visiting, this is absolutely one of those spots that you HAVE to take them to. :) I always bring a dozen home for my mom and baby sister who gobble them up in one sitting.\n\n\nMy forever favorite is the one and only chocolate white chocolate chip cookies. with strawberry cheesecake ice cream. Mmmmmm. that and the basic chocolate chip. I'm not a fan of nuts in my cookies, but everyone else I know digs the white chocolate macadamia nut cookie!"
: "This Wawa is packed because of its location, and thusly a little slow. I do find the staff a little rude and inefficient. Takes forever to get a hoagie in this place.\n\nHowever, they are the only Wawa I've encountered that offered mac and beef as a side. MAC AND BEEF. I drove around to a bunch of other Wawas on other days to try and find it, but to no avail. Even this Wawa, it seems, only had it for that one day.\n\nBRING BACK THE MAC AND BEEF."
: "When I first went in here years ago, I thought I was just at a party where the DJ spins nothing but Bjork.\n\nIn actuality, this museum is great. It's a great conversation museum with art installations that typically contrast the photography, etc. It's got a clean, hip, uncensored way about it. \n\nJust writing this review reminds me that I need to go back... it's cheap too."
: "First time I did the breakfast brunch here, will also be the last time. Nothing horrible just limited menu that left me unsatisfied. I don't mind this place for a pre-game bar or a casual drink but it is way too dark and ominous for a breakfast place"
: "This cupcake shop is actually inside the Coldstone's Creamery. At first, I though Coldstone's decided to sell cupcakes, but I think the two businesses just share the venue. We went to Coldstone's for dessert and decided to get some cupcakes, too. It was after dinner, so they had these last-chance specials - 2 for $3. Normally, each cupcake is $2.50, so the late-night prices are quite a steal. I got the red velvet one and Alex A. got the dulce de leche one. They all had very cute names, but I've forgotten them! I think for day-old cupcakes (assuming they were made that morning), they were pretty good. They were regular-sized - not like the giant cupcakes that's trending around California. It wasn't too sweet, but they still had a hefty dollop of icing on top that really added to the flavor of the cupcake. They even sell milk for $0.50. Overall, it's a pretty cute cupcake stand and definitely something to check out if you're in the mood for sweets!"
: "Went to Napa Valley Grille with my Boyfriend the other day and everything wad delight full! We had great drinks, a nice appetizer, I had the Lamb, he has the sirloin. It was very tasty, the service could of been a little quicker, but there new here so we gave them a break.\n\nI would totally come back!"
: "I don't eat hamburgers.  I actually don't eat much meat at all.  Just seafood.  So what do I eat a burger joint?\n\nWell, french fries, of course.  Now, I  wouldn't make a meal of french fries every night, but you can make an exception for french fries this good.  So golden and delicious you can overlook that they are maybe a bit too greasy.  For a burger joint, that just seems right.  \"Hand cut\" and with the skin left on, these are fast food fry perfection.  Pair that with some wonderful milkshakes and you've got a darn enjoyable meal.  I've tried the strawberry, vanilla, and oreo frappes and I've not been disappointed.  (though the oreo milkshake has maybe too many oreo bits in it)\n\nI can't tell you first hand how good the burgers are, obviously.  Our first time there, my girlfriend seemed unmoved by her patty but on successive visits she's been nothing but happy with them.  Might just be a matter of controlling expectations.\n\nThe biggest problem here is the space.  Just not enough of it.  This is a very popular establishment and I've never visited at a time we didn't have to jockey for a table.  If they can find a bigger space, this place will be the perfect fast food burger alternative."
: "Date: 4/29/12\nNumber of people: 2\nMust know: Everyone comes here for the pad thai! Or so I heard. \n\nThis place is great for college students. I go to UT Austin and live 5 minutes from this place. The only thing I get from here every time is the chicken pad thai. I have tried pad thai from various places in austin but this is my favorite place to go.\n\nMeal: Seated immediately. I placed my order as soon as I sat down. I don't even need to look at the menu anymore. Pad thai was great. Very flavorful.\n\nOverall: I hate to admit but I eat here almost every week. It's too good!"
: "This place is great! I had to get an eye exam and found this place after calling around, best price for an eye exam hands down! Also the prices for contacts here are the cheapest, I used to get my acuvues for 30 a box at Providence Place but this place only charges 21."
: "After wandering around Westwood on Saturday night trying to find a decent restaurant, my hubby and I landed upon Tanino.  We checked out the menu outside and thought we'd give it a try.  I'm so glad we did!   Since there were a few bar stools open, we decided to just eat there instead of waiting 20 minutes for a table.  We were kind of pressed for time so we just had soup, salad and desert - all of which were really good.  The desert, an apple tart, was amazing!  I can't wait to go back and try some of their entrees.   My only complaint was my cosmo was almost strait booze!  Now, some of you folks might not mind that, but I had to ask for some more cranberry to mellow it out.  All in all, a lovely, romantic place!  Will definitely be going back."
: "The service isn't that great here, but they have the best egg salad sandwich i ever had. Also, add a pistachio macaron to your meal.  \nThe salted caramel, hazelnut and passion fruit macarons are OK."
: "I have visited many comic book shops over the years but Vault of Midnight takes the cake.  They have a large selection of graphic novels, comics, figurines and cute toys.  I bought a model Enterprise here.  Even the stairwell is packed with goodies.\n\nIf you have any questions the staff is very friendly and REALLY know their stuff. Being a block away from where I work, I have to try hard to avoid this place come payday or I'd blow it all in here."
: "This is a top notch little coffeeshop. It's on the other side of the building that holds Au Bon Pain and the Cambridge Trust. They are new, and still working out the kinks but their coffee is kick-ass, they have great egg sandwiches and popovers, and the vegan BLT sandwich for lunch is delicious. That is all that I have tried so far. It is odd that they have both vegan food and nonvegan but seems like a smart idea. They have a lot of space and aesthetically it is pretty boring (lots of cement, modern, minimalist) but this makes it kind of ideal as a place to stay a long time and work on your laptop without distractions. My only complaint is that they are often not ready to serve lunch at 11 am, which is the time they officially switch from breakfast to lunch and the time that I am usually there wanting lunch."
: "OK - well i guess it depends on who you talk to and how long its been since they been near one of their parents....OK OK that's just too mean.  But yes you can get good advice and good service.  And their act seems to be more together lately.  \n\nBut yes it is quite oriented toward the student clientel so be so warned.  And yes, Sir Lackasaisical N. probably had a real true experience like that.  If you ride a bike for more than say 5 miles at a stretch (yes not everyone commutes from Davis to Back Bay) and use GEARS (OMG!) to climb hills which exist (when you leave the city!) then you may be seen as from the dark side.  \n\nI swear to you, oh keepers of the fixie, we are worthy and when we wear spandex is only to minimize chafing o' the parts when we ride 40+ miles and we don't feel that our people have done any wrong to deserve our lot in life, whence upon entering we admiit as much....\n\nBut I know they mean well."
: "Guess who got another bill? This time for a $75 early termination fee for our \"9 month contract\" which we didn't even have. We had a month-to-month plan specifically because our old lease on our old place was gonna be up in 4 months back then. Grrrrrrrrrrrr. \n\nI.HATE. AT&T. U-VERSE."
: "Mehhh. I don't know about this place.  I was kind of excited to try it because of all the good reviews, one of them being my friends that I always enjoy eating with and have pretty similar tastes in.  \n\nThe only good thing about this place was that the na'an was fresh and I guess because I love watermelon and I ate a shit ton of them there.  \n\nEvery single curry that was there was wayyyyyy too watery for anyone's good.  I had to put rice under them just so it wouldn't spread and mix.  If I didn't, I'd probably have to put only one curry on one plate.  The flavors were so so as well.  The spinach one was missing something because normally it's my faveeee but I had one bite of it and just stopped.  \n\nThe chicken was pretty dry and flavorless as well.  I just took the drumsticks and dunked pieces of the chicken in curry.  \n\nOne star for the price, one star for the naan but I'll probably not go there again unless it's the only thing open. Now I'm on my way to kick my friend in the face for believing his review."
: "I don't really care for the cones here, but I do adore the birthday cake ice cream. It is the best I have ever had! Instead of the typical yellow cake, there is chocolate cake swirled in! Ginger is pretty tasty as well. The berry crumble was too sweet and was a disappointment."
: "I miss this place. Wide selection of teas. Whenever I'm not in the mood for a coffee shop, I liked to stop by here when I was in town. It's a good alternative to your typical coffee joint.\n\nIt's a nice cozy place to read a book or hang out with a few friends."
: "I really like the food here, and I don't even eat meat! But I like the fries and the onion rings and the shakes! Can't go there very often but try go there whenever I'm in the area."
: "I believe this restaurant opened recently under this new name.  They used to be called India Palace Cuisine.  I don't know if management changed also, so the food I ate might not be representative of what it was previously.  In any case, I became aware of this restaurant because I received a menu of theirs in the mail with some tantalizing coupons.  They have a decent selection of dishes, but what surprised me were the prices.  Most dishes are between $7-10.  I thought this was suspicious because I'm used to Indian food costing at least 12 bucks.  With prices this low, something has to give, right?  Well as it turns out, the answer is yes and no.  My sister and I ordered Take-Out from here.  We ordered 2 garlic naan and 3 dinner entrees and the total cost was only 28 bucks (including tax).  The best choice was their  eggplant dish (Baingan Bhartha).  The spiciness was just right and flavors were absolutely delicious.  The next best thing we ordered was the Saag Paneer.  This dish was good, but not anything spectacular.  I wish they put more Paneer in it!  The disappointment came in the forum of their Shrimp Vindaloo.  The menu stated \"jumbo\" shrimp, but the shrimp were actually quite small and the sauce was too tomato-ey and thin.  I would not recommend this dish.  The garlic naans we got, however, were fluffy and tasty and chock full of garlic.  I can't say anything about the service since I didn't dine-in, but when we walked in to pick up our food the waiter was pleasant.  I will definitely order from here again, but I'll be more cautious with my choices.  Honestly, with prices this low I can afford to taste everything at least once!"
: "I've been here three times with some friends, and I've gotten a little different result each time.  Once I got seated almost immediately with five other people at a great table and had great service the whole evening, until I left.  Recently, I went with one friend, and while we were able to seat ourselves because it wasn't busy, there was minimal service to speak of.  Our beers sat empty for far too long.  Plus, regardless of price, the beer selection is unimpressive.  A few beers that I believe are unique to the location, but none of the common ones - Sam Adams, Stella, etc. that I love!  I think they stock six different beers.  Not good for a bar.\n\nFood is not bad, and the dinner menu is much more expansive than the beer menu.  I've had something different each time I've gone, and haven't been disappointed yet.  Chicken, pasta, burger, all somewhere in the middle between McDonald's and Capital Grille or Ruth's Chris.  Not bad.\n\nI like the atmosphere of the place, but when I was there last, there was a group all in Halloween costumes making a scene at the bar, not far from where my friend and I were sitting, and there was nothing done about one who was dressed like a referee and blowing a whistle... or one who was dressed like goodness knows what and was speaking through a loudspeaker.  Not a good addition to a night out watching the game and having a couple drinks.  \n\nOverall, I'll be back, because despite some occurrences, it's a good place to go and hang out with some friends."
: "Came here to have southern food and was blown away! You must visit here if you are in the Atlanta area, must try the grits and collard greens!"
: "Didn't eat any food. Headed upstairs for the hookah lounge. Kind of rude service (we had to wait a HELLA long time, even though there were tables open) and when one of our hookahs was broken, the waitress basically told us we were lying. But overall the place had a cool ambiance, good music and excellent hookah flavors (we got peach and cherry.)"
: "It's not that Raku's food was inedible or vomit-inducing.  Rather, Raku's chefs managed to ruin their nigiri by pairing perfectly decent raw fish with random ingredients-- everything from cream to citrus to jalape\u00f1os to some creamy citrus sauce topped with jalapenos.  Then the owners charge an extra chunk of change for these \"creative\" fusion sauces.\n\nLet me try to say this in another way: the best part of my meal was the miso soup.\n\nMaybe the yataki, ramen, or Americanized sushi rolls taste okay, but we won't be coming back here to find out.  And as for the ambience... Don't come here if you don't like having a loud waiter banging on your table for no apparent reason."
: "I'm giving this place such a good review because of the price and an awesome employee my group and I encountered on Tuesday.   We went in to watch The Avengers late night so parking was no problem (right in front of the theater).  Walked in and were encountered with your regular $3 theater. But once we got up to purchase our tickets my impression of the place changed.  Shandra at the front was amazing!  If you look like you're having a blast while you're at work then I am even more excited to come back.  The house was a bit strangely set up but it's okay.  Still had a good experience overall.  And yes we will be back on Tuesdays when that awesome person is there."
: "I was blown away by this oasis of fantastic flavor.  The grilled stuffed pasta was so mind-bendingly delicious that I tried to recreate this at home.  While the description and use of two sauces sounds like it would contradict itself, each of the components blend marvelously in your mouth.\n\nI sampled soups and small bites as well.  Over all, I found the flavors in each dish are well balanced and don't compete for attention.  There is a certain finesse that's being used in the kitchen to render distinctly memorable flavor profiles.  \n\nThe atmosphere was inviting, modern and clean.  The service staff knowledgeable and attentive.  I wish I had one where I live and will absolutely be back when I find myself in Champaign again."
: "Vimala and her husband (and some of her children) have created an eating experience.  The outdoor area is perfect, as is the eating experience inside - where you can view the kitchen!!!\nHaving traveled all throughout India, I can attest to the AAA quality of the food offered and the soul/spirit infused by Vimala!  You must try this eating experience.  And be sure to say hello to Vimala while you're there.\nJo Sanders"
: "Selling crappy made Chinese clothing disguised as Italian made. I don't mind paying for quality, but I do mind paying for poorly made Chinese jackets that quickly fall apart. Shop somewhere else."
: "On the food: it would be okay if I were stuck at an airport for days or on a desert island. Otherwise, it's overpriced and thoroughly mediocre. \n\nBut what really gets me is the service; I've NEVER experienced ruder service in my LIFE. I ordered a black coffee yesterday; it was served with milk and sugar. I asked for another cup, specifying that I wanted plain, black coffee with no milk and sugar. It was served with sugar. WTF?!?! I finally got my plain coffee, but it was served with the heaping load of attitude and eyerolling. \n\nI live right next door, but unless I'm starving or it's free, I'm never going here again. Another example of an establishment that would fail miserably if it were located in any other neighborhood."
: "Trio House isn't bad by any stretch of the imagination...\n\n... But there's not anything especially good about it, either. I've tried several things, mostly noodle dishes. Their Pad Thai was great, I'll give them that (I'd definitely order it again, and all the ingredients came out side-by-side so you could mix in exactly what you wanted), but everything else has been kind of lackluster (drunken noodles, mongolian noodles, a couple others). I had some tom yum fried rice once that was fine, too.\n\nBut please don't get any soups. They're not very flavorful or authentic and just seem a little.. off. (I've had chicken pho, normal pho, and tom kha.)  Another reviewer said they thought there was a lot of MSG in the stuff, and I believe it, since it's always tasted kind of \"off\" to me. But the rest of the food has been okay, we've gone back a few times to try different things, and as I go to USC it's extremely close. So if you're at USC looking for some nearby Asian food and want an upgrade from Panda Express, well, you might as well grab some stir-fry or rice at Trio House.\n\nAlso, there is boba. It is fairly lackluster boba and the actual boba balls aren't very sweet, but if you have a craving, it beats out a couple of very close-by boba alternatives... cough, Cup O Joy, cough."
: "Not good.  We had a couple soups and shared a main dish.  Everything was overly done - as if a \"thai sauce\" jar was opened and applied to everything.  The service was pleasant however.   It would have been better if the cook wasn't staring at us through the kitchen pickup window and we didn't find a bug in our soup - I actually had to remind the waiter to remove the charge after it was on the bill!"
