	: "I'm a fan of soft serve ice cream and Guptill's Coney Express has delicious ice cream with many flavors.  I've tried Kurver Kreme in Colonie, Tastee Freeze in Delmar and Country Drive Inn in Clifton Park, but I think that this place has the best soft serve ice cream.  The portions are generous and the taste is very rich.  For example, the brownie sundae is decadently delicious but likely too much for one person.  They also have cupcake sundaes which I am looking to try soon!"
	: "The nurses here were very  attentive and wonderful. I was able to have the same surgical nurse that I had for another procedure a few years ago. The anesthesiologist listened to my concerns and acting skillfully and compassionately. I felt well taken care of there."
	: "Pretty great!  Okay, so this place is obviously not Vegan since they have a bunch of cheese and egg offerings, BUT I see that they do offer plenty of vegan alternatives.\n\nI was sort of skeptical being here because the prices were pretty hefty, I felt.  I guess it looked like a fast-food/diner joint, but it charged a little more. \n\nAnyway, their homemade hot sauce is AMAZING.  I got the eggs benedict for dinner and J got an omelet.  Both were really good.  I do love their homefries.. but the next time I come here, I want onion rings or fries.  Those onion rings looked amazing.\n\nLastly, the food came relatively quickly.\n\nNot a fan of the service.  They tried to seat us at this edge facing the stoves, without asking, so I asked for a booth.  Then at the booth, the server didn't refill waters very well but didn't feel bad emphasizing over and over whether or not we wanted their $5-7 desserts.  Honestly, a slice of pie for $6.50?  Veggie Galaxy, you are t r i p p i n !\n\nBut great food! (especially breaky!)"
	: "The Tale of the 4-Starred, Up Close and Personal Bar.\n\nThe Back Abbey is a bar that is located in the charming West Village part of Claremont. The area resembles the old shopping strip-meets-new shopping strip of San Luis Obispo.  What they did -- or so I've been told -- is that they've managed to preserve the old strip, leaving it looking the way it presumably did in the 70s.  Rhino Records is located in the older part.  The Back Abbey in the new part.  Both distinct areas of their aesthetic and consumer pull. \n\nThe Back Abbey specializes in Belgian draft beer.  They carry some German and English beer, as well.\n\nWow, the selection of beer. Let me tell you! A lof of them I have never heard of. I tasted the Augustijn (Belgian) and the Hofbrau Original (German).  Both were good, but I prefer the Hofbrau.They come in different sized glasses, with the Hofbrau coming in a long glass. The Augustijn was $9, and the Hofbrau $6. The Hofbrau came in the larger glass, so the Augustijn must be considered some premium brew for it to be in a smaller glass and come knocking down doors at a mighty $9.  \n\nI liked the overall aesthetics of the place. There is an up-close-and-personal feel to the bar. Along with the standard bar and barstools set-up, there's a long table that goes from one end of the bar to the other. People sit across from each other and, since the tables are not wide, you're not far at all from the person sitting in front of you. Like I wrote earlier, up close and personal is what this bar has going for it.\n\nThey have a food menu, as well. Above their draft selection of beer, they have a chalkboard placed high up with a list of what they serve. For those veggies among us, they even make a veggie burger.\n\nLastly, the patrons all seem to know each other. Maybe it's the small town mentality. But it's not exactly a backwards, hick town. It's very much modern in certain ways, and people just love to talk. Couple that with brew, and there's a lot of talk going on.\n\nI had a discussion with someone at the bar, who bartends at a bar not too far from The Back Abbey, and he told me that the Augustijn is the oldest beer recipe known to man. (Ah, ok. Old is vintage. Vintage is expensive. Thus, Augustijn is expensive.  And two + two = four. I got this down, partna'.)   Again, can we give it up for \"up close and personal\"?\n\nAnd, lastly, the bartenders were very attentive and enjoyed talking about the difference between the brews. The goateed gentlemen was specifically patient in describing which ones were Belgian, German, and English.\n\nThe mantra of this review should be \"up close and personal.\"  This is what this 4-star bar is all about."
	: "As a vegan, I try to support places that are not wholly vegetarian, but that made the effort to put a vegetarian section on their menu, to show them that it's worth keeping. Thai Singha House does indeed have a section of their menu that reads vegetarian, but, unfortunately, their definition of vegetarian is different from mine.\n\nAll of the vegetarian curries, I was fortunately informed upon asking, do indeed contain fish sauce, which is an ingredient in the curry itself, and cannot be omitted.\n\nMy server suggested the pad thai as a fish-free vegetarian alternative, which I ordered, holding the egg. When it arrived, there appeared to be tofu in there and no egg, which was a good sign. But after a few blind, trusting bites I quickly realized that there was also chicken or pork mixed in as well. My server graciously took it back and honored my request for a house salad, of which I wasn't charged.\n\nI don't blame Thai Singha House for not understanding the definition of vegetarian (sadly, I know a few \"vegetarians\" who just don't eat red meat) although there are non-vegetarian Thai restaurants that get it and get it right, like Tamarind on South Street. \n\nSo, it's up to us as consumers to ask questions beforehand if we're not totally sure. And this is probably wise at any place where there is an ethnic and language barrier (On a related note, don't be fooled into thinking you can get vegan pho in Philly. It does not exist. You're eating beef broth or non-pho water broth, but not pho made with vegetable stock.)"
	: "On a recent visit to SLO, I got taken out to the Natural Cafe, which bears a distinct resemblance to some of the places I remember from growing up in Berkeley. Very natural woodsy, with just enough sprouts on the sandwich to add a little crunch.  It's casual, with counter service only.\n\nMy turkey burger was not too dry, but the guacamole and special sauce helped it along in the moistness department. I didn't walk away from the meal feeling all gross and over full like you would with a normal burger and fries.  Yeah for whole grains and veggies!"
	: "Great place! \n\nI have to say the menu and the outdoor seating keep us coming back.  The food is good -- had breakfast both times but some friends had lunch items. Definitely a great selection.  We've been at off-peak times so no waiting and better service. \n\nAll in all, it's no DZ Akins but it's definitely worth trying!"
	: "Went to Rebecca's Cafe today during my lunch break today.  I have to say, my sandwich was delicious!  I had a Chicken Caprese panini (grilled chicken, tomato, mozzarella cheese, spinach, and balsamic vinaigrette).  The staff was friendly and the service was quick, however the price is a little high for my taste ($7 or so for the sandwich only).  Overall, I would definitely go back to try some different items (or even get the same sandwich), but it won't be too often."
	: "The only thing I've ever eaten at Time-Out is their ice cream cookie sandwich thing, and that's really all I need.  It's about a half-gallon of ice cream sandwiched between two large-ish chocolate chip cookies.  I don't know if they make it, or if it comes off a truck, or what... but it's frozen so solid you usually have to wait a few minutes before chowing down so you don't break a tooth.\n\nIf nothing else, they are one of the few old standards on Franklin Street that have not succumbed to the high-end shopping takeover, so they are worth being excited about.\n\nDo watch out for drunken Tarheels, though.  This place has more disgusting drunkenness issues late at night than any bar I've been in."
	: "Pros: Very clean and pretty little place. Really sweet-natured and attentive servers. Clean bathrooms (Haha it says a lot, ok?) Reasonable prices \n\nCons: Pho broth started ok but after a while starts to taste bitter and weird and left my mouth really dry. Meat is kinda chewy.\n\nThis place could have been SO AWESOME. A pho place so close to campus is one of those \"of course!\" ideas like Cream that has everything going for it if well-executed, and yet it doesn't quite work. We got the pho with everything, which only had slightly more meat than the pho with a fraction of everything? The spring rolls were pretty standard, but the pork one had sausages wrapped inside, rather than ground pork, which was surprising but not unpleasant. \n\nOverall, I'd come here again if I was in the mood for pho but was too lazy to drive/ too cheap to order from pho me now\n\nP.S the KK stands for the names of the owner's sons cuteee :)"
	: "This is my favorite place of all time. I've driven from LA to SLO just to eat here. The barbecue sauce is AMAZING! Everything here is AMAZING! I can never decide what to get when I go here. Here's what I rotate between; tri tip sandwich, chicken wings and the ABC burger. Their fries are delicious also! Wings are fried and spicy. ABC burger is ten times more delicious then In N Out. I don't even know what to say about the trip tip sandwich. Words can not describe it. If you are a meat eater, you'll love it. It's bread, bbq sauce and like 2 inches of steak. Just amazing! My mouth is watering trying to describe the food."
	: "The average rating for this place is right on point: a-ok.  We came here with a relatively large group on a Friday night a little after ten o'clock.  The first floor of the place was packed, but we found plenty of space upstairs in the corner, which is a pretty weird room considering how removed it is from everything.  Or waiter was good about taking everyone's drink orders and being patient about it, though at one point he gave the right drinks to the wrong people.  He was also cool about serving us while we played a stupid game with post its on our foreheads.  We didn't order any food, but I was impressed that their kitchen is open so late and the menu is pretty big.  \n\nWe were having a fun time until the band came on down stairs.  The blaring sound was inescapable, even though we were kind of removed from where everything was happening.  The music was so loud it was almost impossible to hear what anyone was saying right next to you.  In case you're planning to pay with Discover, they DO accept it; not so cooperative on the check splitting though."
	: "I've used this service for years.  The best parts are that it tends to be on time and that there are bike racks on the front of the buses.  Unfortunately the drivers must navigate roads filled with undergraduates on bicycles who think they are immortal.  I've seen some close calls, but the drivers get serious kudos for being able to drive in that environment all day.\n\nThe drivers tend to be helpful and friendly, though some of them don't speak excellent English.  There are a few routes I get a bit car-sick on, but that is due to the twisty roads and frequent stopping-accelerating.  \n\nThe routes change, especially if there is construction going on.  Make sure you check to see what is running during the summer and holidays.  I've waited for shuttles that weren't going to come for days before."
	: "Cannot believe how highly rated this place is, wow. Takes forever for them to get orders out even when its super slow. Our pizza took something like 65 minutes from the time we ordered it. Now i will wait that long if the pizza is going to be amazing, like at pizza popilis down in greek town. But this pizza was average at best. I think that the gluten free offerings are great but I really expected alot more. Great renovations btw the place looks amazing."
	: "We went here a few weeks ago on the premiere weekend of Horrible Bosses.  Loved that movie!  \nMy wife wanted to come to a real movie theater that was more of a classic than one of these \"pick one of 30 small screens to watch\" types of theater, and this was a great choice!  The inside is HUGE, I heard the manager tell us as we waited in line \"There's no need to rush once the doors are opened, there are over 740 seats in there.\".\nInside is nothing fancy, nowhere near the classic look and feel of the Crest Theater down the street, but it did remind me of theaters I used to go to as a kid.\nSmall snackbar, typical high prices, oh and the weird thing is the bathrooms.  They only have one toilet so it can take a long time to get in and out.  I found this odd for such a huge theater.  There are more upstairs I am told but did not venture there.  \nI am a bit older so seeing a theater fill up with college kids, and loud ones at that, was great but had me a little worried at first because I hoped they would quiet down once the movie started.  They did.\nThe parking here is horrible, just to let you know in advance as I am sure many of you already do know.  Street parking, there are parking  lots, a little pricey and a walk away, but you are in \"the village\" so there is plenty to see and eat and walk around before or after the movie.\nGreat location, may be back someday."
	: "I was in a desperate need of a good falafel and once again Yelp didn't let me down.\n\nOnce in the small deliciously smelling restaurant, I decided to go with the lamb gyro. I read many good things and decided to try it out, and was praying it wouldn't turn my entire mouth yellow(as stated by a few yelpers). \n\nI am happy to report that the gyro was deliciously seasoned and had huge pieces of lamb wrapped up inside. I couldn't tell you if my mouth turned yellow because I made it a point to not look at myself after I was done eating. I figured that if in fact my mouth changed colors, it would also change my overall enjoyable experience at Aladdin's"
	: "Okay heres the deal when you aint got money like most college kids you go to establishments like this who caters to folks like you. Back through my college years, the gf went to school at UCLA so as broke as I was I always managed to scrounge up a little something something here to buy us an ice cream sandwich I mean for a buck you cant beat that. The cookies are freshly made and the ice cream is dreyers so for the money you can't beat that. They also serve hot dogs for those that are hungry."
	: "This place is beautiful and sexy and spacious and I was just feeling the whole vibe jumping off in here.  I was here for a Motorola event and was able to hear a live performance and the sound system is on point.  \n\nI love the decor with the lounge couches and tucked away areas.  I didn't see where a dance floor would be though (problemo!!!).  Maybe it was up those stairs that big, huge bouncer wouldn't let me up.  \n\nAnyway, I will be back here."
	: "This is really a 2.5 star review. \n\nI ordered the pancakes with sausage and homefries ( the dish usually comes with eggs but they substituted the homefries free of charge). The food was decent, but nothing to write home about. The pancakes are pretty small and they definitely skimped on the homefries. I will say the kitchen did look dirty, which is ALWAYS a red flag. \n\nAlthough the food is very, very cheap I wouldn't really recommend this place. However, if you want to get breakfast and rent or buy a hookah at the same time, this is your best bet."
	: "We had lunch here today and was pleasantly surprised at how good it was. We chose one of the outdoor patios and was immediately greeted by our waitress, Lindsey. My wife ordered the Pub & Cheese and I ordered the Ortega chicken sandwich.\n\n During the short wait for our food, I started to have buyers remorse.  The fish & chips that were delivered to the table next to us looked awesome.... Oh wait... look at the prime rib sandwich... Damn, I should have ordered that.\n\n I shouldn't have worried... My wife's Mac & cheese was out of this world, as was my sandwich. The garlic fries that come with the sandwich were plentiful and cooked to perfection. To top it off, Lindsey had just made salsa and brought some to us with chips, gratis. Wow!\n\nService and food were A+. The Kilt is going to be a regular place for us to eat in SLO."
	: "My last trip, I took the SuperShuttle to the airport (4 am departure, blech) and the Flyway home during rush-hour traffic.\n\nThe Flyaway was the clear winner. What would I do without you? Sure, I had to wait a little at LAX, but that is expected. It was still faster, cheaper, and easier than the SuperShuttle."
	: "We were served sweet biscuits after we ordered two of the Fried Shrimp Po' Boys and sipped on our Red Stripes.  \n\nThe Po' Boys were served a big roll with tasty  fries on the side (Good sized portions). I enjoyed both the sweet and peppery BBQ sauces on each of the tables.  \n\nI liked my experience at Rack & Soul, my only complaints are it's a bit pricey and it took over a week for my transaction to clear on my debit card... I don't know what was up with that."
	: "The quesadillas were as good as I expected and my expectations were high for a place called the twisted taco. They have theme nights with djs blasting tunes and wisecracks. Although I wouldn't frequent the establishment every week, it was a pretty decent place to go."
	: "New to the Ave, this is a sweet little coffeeshop and Korean cafe.  The interior is colorful and bright and they have fresh bakery items available to have with a latte. I haven't tried their lunch menu but the selections are the usual Korean choices sound very tasty."
	: "Good knowledgable bike shop. Friendly helpful staff with a great selection of bikes."
	: "I am a long time customer at the Red Light and have seen generations and generations of snotty sales people pass through. I think it is part of the allure of working there - as if vintage clothing and ironic t-shirts (yes, I remember Clarissa Explains It All) are anything to be snotty about.\n\nSometimes they have a good selection of vintage clothing. Every once in a while I will find a gem of a dress, but it is usually after sorting through clothing bought out of ironic desperation by the too-cool-for-school (literally) elite buying team. And after all that sorting anything that I am interested in purchasing is often way over priced.\n\nThe Red Light is \"very cool\". If you're into that sort of thing. But most of what they sell is a reproduction of a lifestyle that cannot be purchased, only half-assed. If you want cowboy boots consider going on a thrift store tour of Montana where cowboy boots (and hats and all other cowboy accoutrement) can be found in overwhelming abundance. I am not opposed to a nice vintage dress, a pair of well preserved shoes or anything that blends in with my wardrobe and doesn't require complete vintage consistency to work. But enough with the painful flashbacks. We all remember whatever 80's/90's brand or slogan and I, for one, don't particularly care for all the reminiscing.\n\nLet's move on, folks."
	: "It was one of those few days that I was crazy about having dessert in between meals. So a friend told me about this place and we went together. I ordered creme brulee and enjoyed it. The service was ok and the waiter was so friendly."
	: "How much would you pay for a crappy taco? At flying burrito, it's 2$."
	: "Their website claims that they were named best Thai in NY state, including the city. That claim is definitely false, but they do make an effort. The food was some of the better Thai we've had on this trip... relatively authentic and definitely tasty, although lacking some flavor.\n\nBut the highlights for us were listening to the completely over-educated diners next to us (discussing world travels, of course) and watching our definitely-a-Cornell-student waitress clean tables and carry plates. I guess someone has to do it...."
	: "I was at the mall last night and saw an add for $1.00 bar menu.\nDecided to go.\nSat at a table in the bar area. There are no items on the bar menu that cost $1.00. The cheapest was $1.99. I know it is still cheap - but why advertise something that clearly you don't have.\n\nI had the pineapple margarita, it was good but had way to much tequilla in it.\n\nOur server was nice, very attentive and super fast.\nWe had the nachos, buffalo bites and spinach spread. All was good and in good portions. We were full.\n\nOur bill came to $27.15 before tip, not bad for drinks and apps.\n\nThe only down side, there was a hair in my drink, a hair in the nachos and a hair tangled in my boyfriend's fork.\n\nI've learned to not freak out about hairs in food that look like they come from the head. But 3 hairs in one sitting.... that is a little much.\n\nBut overall experience was the best I've had at any uno's.\n\nI will go back for the cheap bar menu and a beer."
	: "My wife and I had the pleasure of dinner and a show and let me tell you, WOW! The service is top notch, food selection is good (even for the vegiterians), drinks are good too. The performers are wonderful, I have seen CATS at the Pantages and is was good, however the Candlelight Pavilion took  a step further by bringing the show up close and personal. The schedule changes so check the web. I will definitely be coming back for more."
	: "A fun night out on the town..."
	: "Incredibly friendly and helpful staff! I'm a shy person, especially being a guy at a beauty / medical spa, but they make me feel just comfortable. \n\nI came here because of the Yelp reviews (Thanks, yelp!) \nAnna (front desk) is polite and helpful. I just don't talk alot because again i'm generally a quiet person.\nDecor is adorable, very cute (and lots of white paint).\n\nThey have packages + promos from time to time that are worth checking out.\nThanks Elude!"
	: "One of the only places in the med center that i can my bahn mi fix in the med center.  For 3.50 i recommend the BBQ pork sandwich. The bread has been getting a bit stale when i go.. but nothing that stops me from eating there."
	: "I am not a big Whole Foods shopper, especially at this location because the prices at this location tend to be higher than their other locations just a few miles away. I am a huge fan of their hot food section though. When I was going to school/working at UCLA, I enjoyed coming here to grab dinner. The prices were good (as far as Whole Foods is concerned), and you got a quality product for your money. There is even a decent outdoor seating area at the edge of the parking lot if you want to eat there."
	: "I've only had the curries (red and yellow) and I've only gotten food to go. \n\nBoth curries were on the runny and flavorless side. I guess if I wanted soup I'd order soup.  Ingredients are pretty sparse, especially the vegetables, which doesn't make much sense to me. And both times I've ordered it 5 star spicy and I get it marked with 3 stars. \n\nIt's not expensive, but it's not that great."
	: "Fav coffee shop in Cambridge.  Great decor, drink, and people.  You can't lose here ..."
	: "After living in the Bay Area and having a fro-yo maniac girlfriend, this place would not survive anywhere else than SLO.  The flavors do not make me wanting more.  However, I would choose this place over Balis."
	: "Lots of stuff on the menu so you'll never get tired of eating there and probably one of the best burgers in town. The portions are HUGE, enough fries and onion rings to cause a blocked artery. Place is a little cramped though but you'll forget about your surroundings after you bite into the burgers there."
	: "I've stopped by a few times over the past 5 months, You'll certainly find quite a selection of Hot Dog and Burger options, you're bound to find something you'll like. \n\nI love the hawaiian bread twist to their dogs and burgers, love their tater tots, i'll be back for sure. \n\nNice clean environment, great service, if you love hot dogs and burgers like me this is a must."
	: "Rivermill Tots:\nTots\nCheese\nBacon\nChives\nOnions\nServed with a side of ranch\n\nCan you possibly create a more delicious combination?  I dare you to try.  In the mean time, Rivermill Tots rule."
	: "Ah, Bandido's... light of my Mexican life.  I've been going here since I first moved to Chapel Hill, and it's an absolute staple of life on or around campus.\n\nIt's a tiny hole in the wall place, kind of a cave, really (If you're tall, remember to duck when entering the main dining room).  The ambiance is fantastic, everything bright and gaudy and ridiculous, but very charming.\n\nStarting out with the complimentary chips and salsa is neat, mainly because there's a do-it-yourself salsa bar so everyone can pick their favorite from a half-dozen types of salsa.  I usually go for the enchiladas, which are excellent.\n\nA couple people I know complain that the food here is \"soupy,\" which is fair to an extent.  Occasionally everything will come out of as a shapeless mass of cheese and chicken so dense that light itself is trapped within.  That being said, things are hot and flavorful, everything that you'd really expect from low-class Mexican fare.\n\nBeware El Gigante.  It will destroy you.\n\nThe service is adequate at best, but again, that's to be expected.  Look elsewhere for beer specials.  Pay in cash and they enter you in a drawing to earn free food.  If you're looking to save cash, go for the A la carte selections on the back of the menu... there's a decent amount of food there for very little coin."
	: "Good selection on beer (for a sports bar) and decent beer prices.  Food is a tad more than I would expect at a sports bar, but it is very good, and definitely worth it.  Lots of TVs, but not all HD (forgivable, I suppose).  Home town bias when it comes to teams and airplay (as it should be).  It's tough to get a certain game on, however, if it doesn't involve a local team.  This is understandable, but I don't see why they can't dedicate one of the smaller ones to other games, and leave the local games on the main/big tvs.  Last thing to add is that it is not really that big, so just keep that in mind.\n\nCurrently my go-to sports bar in Ann Arbor, but it's really the only place I've been to besides Wild Wings, which doesn't count.  (Local bars always trump national chains.)"
	: "Bel Frites is great for a late night snack after the bars close. The venue is small but the fries are good. Just recently they started to sell burgers which I have not tried.\n\nI would suggest the Thai Tiger seasoning with Mango Chutney sauce."
	: "The best late night food in Pittsburgh. The food is good, it tends toward fried and salty but that's fine. Portions are ridiculous. I love mustard, and by far the best mustard I've ever had was here. The pizzas are done well in a brick oven. But even if you hate everything else, the beers alone are worth the trip."
	: "I've been to Groove Yoga twice and was very pleased with the studio and classes - I've just been to Naushon's class - she was a very good instructor and I'd like to try some of the other teachers. I'm not a big fan of heated rooms but fortunately it is not TOO hot. Usually 90-93 degrees. The studio is immaculate and it's a nice touch they provide changing rooms, towels, tea and water. I belong to a club which offers yoga classes but the rates at Groove Yoga are reasonable so I probably will buy a 10 class card @ $12/class. Not bad considering other studios in the area charge $15 or more for classes. \n\nAlso, I work at UC Berkeley so it is very convenient to walk over there :)\n\nAddendum: I've been going here for a couple of months and have noticed a lot of small BUGS walking around on the floor (near the edges of the walls)! On several occasions. EWWW!!! :( Maybe they are coming from the plants in the foyer?"
	: "chef i had didnt speak english.. and just cooked for us and left us there!! \nother places chef will talk and play a joke with you \nand the tricks and show wasnt all that great"
	: "3.5 stars. Halal meat is served here. Owners are known Muslims. Had food catered from here at a CAL Alumni event. The food was good but not spectacular. The CTM and other chicken dish was pretty watery. Not enough cream in the sauces. Later on at night I went with some friends to get some chai (tea). The tea was good, although not free. Seating inside with some seating available outside as well."
	: "I went here today after not having been here in years (due to a bad first few visits, but I heard that its under new management so I decided to give it a try).  \n\nOverall, there are very few T-accessible knitting stores, and this is one of the better ones.  The staff were helpful but not hovering and the guy who rang me up gave me some good tips about the sock flats I was buying.  Yes, the selection is small, but its also about 200 feet from the Red Line train.  Also, they had a good selection of prices, from gorgeous expensive stuff to plenty of options in the $7-$10/skein range.  Yay!  My graduate-student-budget thanks you, Woolcott!"
	: "I am a really big fan of restaurants where its a hands on experience. \n\nI would suggest not eating lunch before you go. I liked the fact that it wasn't like other Brazilian barbecue places I've been to before, I was impressed mostly by the variety of meats and how fresh it was (right off the grill) to your table. I found that the salad bar was really good as well lots of variety off from traditional Brazilian types of food,This place is definitely a Brazilian/ French fusion restaurant.  In this day and age I think having fresh ideas like Pampa's, is a great way to go. \n\nEverything I had was exceptionally good, the fillet mignon, was either garlic and herb or Parmesan. The chicken hearts  had a strong Madeira taste, the skirt steak and tri tip embodied traditional flavors of the flame, and was even better with the chimchurri , the lamb came with a balsamic reduction which I thought was absolutely delicious, the tabouli and coconut sweet potato puree was excellent, the wide variety of cheeses complimented my wine, and the service... I loved the service, everyone was friendly, knowledgeable, attentive. \n\nSo if you're looking for something different, a little off the beaten path of traditional Brazilian restaurants and you like  to have cheese with your wine before your meal like I do, then I would check this place out."
	: "Actually for the small sizes this place is expensive and presentation of the dish was not good at all. Quite disappointing. Will not go back"
	: "I decided to go here for a quick lunch so I went in around 1:15pm and ordered an omelet. I walked out 10 minutes later with the omelet, a handful of fries, and two pieces of buttered toast. The omelet plain is $4.95 and each topping is $0.55. I wouldn't say it was particularly good - it was exactly something I could have whipped up at home. My real gripe is that the guy didn't ask me if I wanted my toast buttered. I expected just some toasted bread that I would put jam on or something. But, out comes two slices of overly buttered toast; it was practically a butter sandwich.\n\nI guess that's my real problem with the place. It's set up like a diner but it doesn't have the diner atmosphere. A diner is supposed to be friendly and chatty but the employees didn't talk when I entered, ordered, or waited. It's also supposed to be bustling but the place, which is pretty small to start with, was practically empty at lunch hour. It was a diner without the appeal of one. Take that for what you will."
	: "I hear this is one of the places everyone near USC goes....it is the place that you don't go to drunk late at night but you go for good, mexican food in a relaxed easy environment (the drunk option is actually across the street!! ha ha)\n\nThe decor is okay, BUT there is no alcohol here! I blame the USC kids around there, since I went to Berkeley and work at UCLA I can do that, for ruining what would have been a pretty good experience by not letting me have a beer or margarita with my food!\n\nMy dad and I both got combo plates, and they come with plenty of food!!! Everything is made pretty fresh, and there is a decent salsa bar that you can pile on top of your food once it comes. BUT the tacos tend to fall apart.....They pack them with so much stuff that the tortillas can't hold it all together! So then you end up with a tostada kind of thing, and if you aren't the tostada type or not in the tostada mood then this could sort of make you work a little hard to fill your belly, having to constantly fork up pieces that fall out of your poor, poor breaking and ripping taco shell.\n\nThe enchiladas were much better though with that red sauce that made the dish, but their tamale could have been a little more flavorful....mexican food should always be flavorful in my opinion, so come on la taquiza!! everyone that works there is so nice and friendly! just put a little more spice in your tamale and make a stiffer taco shell and we'll be in the 4 star business!!! okay???"
	: "This place is like a yogurtland but with more toppings! The yogurt flavors they have are pretty unique, I had green apple tart and it was delicious! There were also many varieties of popping boba which is always awesome. Good for post dinner dessert!"
	: "To get there I just have to roll down the hill in a blink of eye but I do not go there anymore and here's why:\n\n2 Stars for parking lot - very limited (carpool if you can)\n1 Star for street parking\n1 Star for overall appearance\n2 Stars for the very limited buffet selection\n1 Star for failing to keep the buffet filled with food\n4 Stars for the taste of the food being fairly authentic\n3 Stars for the service \n2 Stars for the cleanliness especially the restrooms\n2 Stars for value given the limited food selection & availability\n\nThey just cannot seem to keep an ample amount of food for me to get in and out with having to waste time waiting.  I seem to spend more time waiting than eating.  This could be on purpose so you do not go up too many times for the food.  If the kitchen could get their act together and keep the food in the buffet filled it could go to 3 stars.  The food trays are also tiny and  it only takes 3 or 4 people to empty it out.\n\nIt didn't take long for my work group to stop eating at SSR."
	: "The Ave has been in dire need of a place like this. Whether you are a wing fan or not, this place has other options on their menu, but they have TVs everywhere. I think I counted something like over 30 TVs, plus a giant projector TV on one wall. There's always sports playing on them, so don't expect some reality TV garbage. There isn't a better place on the Ave to watch a game.\n\nThe wings are good. I can't say they are better than that other place that used to be on the Ave, but they are probably on par. I loved that place, so it's definitely a compliment. I think they have 15-20 different sauces you can choose from. I prefer my wings spicy so I always go with the hottest sauce they have. For the daring, they have what they call the \"Hell Wing\" that I can personally verify, it's f*cking hot.\n\nThey have all kinds of drink specials going on all the time. It seems like everytime I go in they have another drink special. It definitely appeals more to the college crowd or guy crowd. \n\nThe service has always been friendly and attentive.\n\nFor the true beer drinkers, they have a Beer 101 club. It's basically finish the 101 different bottled beers they have and you become a member of the club. Definitely a college thing. Oh well, sh*t I joined and I'm out of college. Hmmm..."
	: "Great past; mediocre, dirty, unsafe present.\n\nIt would be great to see some resources allocated to cleaning this place up. so more people can visit it without having to fear for their safety. At least some great community events still take place here, like the daily Food Not Bombs meal. \n\nI agree with Meg T.: it's in your best interests not to sit on the grass."
	: "The building is legit for sure, but it's loud and dim on first floor.\n\nThe best place to study in Geisel is 7th floor!  However, people sometimes joking around.  I think Biomedical Library is the BEST!"
	: "Fantastic restaurant hidden away in the Sheraton hotel. Highly recommended. The food here is amazing. I wanted to order practically everything on the menu and settled on the braised pork with creamy mascarpone polenta. SO. GOOD."
	: "I only went here because my regular supply of the Revitalizing Shower Gel that I got from Harvest Inn in St. Helena was running low. I believe Double Tree Hotel carries their products too.\n\nI'm addicted to the mint smell. It's $3.00 for the 1.18 oz.\n\nI might go back and buy some of the men's cologne. The Badian has anise seed smell and the  Vetyver has spicy aroma of vetyver wood with bergamot.\n\nI'm really getting to learn more about smelly stuff. My friends like to linger in my bedroom because it smells like tropical rainforest. I think it's a good sign when they don't want to leave ;)."
	: "I picked up my Gangsta Rap Coloring book a few months ago along with a mini-pin that says \"Let's Makeout.\" \n\nLet's not discuss how I have used either item."
	: "The food was very good, but service was excruciatingly slow and waitstaff unhelpful when it's possible to find them. The problem may be management, communication or the kitchen. Waitstaff disappeared from a nearly empty mid-week restaurant to hide from frustrated and increasingly irritated customers (I was not the only one).\n\nFor example, the desserts are made to order - and exceptionally good. Expect at least a 30 minute wait. If the menu or waitstaff had SAID that, and suggested ordering dessert with your main course, that would have been fine.\n\nAs it is, only go there with a lot of free time, lots to talk about (or a book). Treat arrival of each course or glimpse of waitstaff as an unpredictable surprise. I literally had to chase down the waiter to get a check. Very unpleasant - he looked embarrassed.\n\n A shame because although the food was enjoyable, I'm very unlikely to return or recommend it."
	: "YAY for Thank You Mart!!!! The first time I walked in I was overwhelmed with the music, brightly colored wigs, vintage clothes and other trinkets but I quickly adjusted to this amazing store and you can really find some great stuff there. I got a chinese paper lantern, rayban knockoffs, and many other things from this magic little place. Even if you don't buy anything the experience is great so I fully recommend it!\nOH YEAH EVERYTHING IS 3.99!"
	: "Yummily filling breakfast tacos!  Their coffee and lunch offerings are also top notch.  For lunch, I especially hanker for the Thai grilled chicken salad.  I come here frequently because I work across the street, but I would come here anyway just because of the great food and reasonable pricing!"
	: "LOVE LOVE LOVE this place!!! I used to work down the street and would frequent this place almost everyday!! I still work for the same company but in a different location and I tell all the noobs to go to Pinocchio's for the BEST SICILIAN PIZZA EVER!!!!"
	: "This place is relatively new in Berkeley, so three of my friends and I decided to go try this place after a really intense work-out. Since this place is all vegetarian, we felt that it would be a really nice and healthy option, so it wouldn't cancel out all those calories we burned. \n\nThe first thing I noticed right when I went inside was that the floors were really sticky for some apparent reason; my running shoes kept sticking to the floor, and immediately I had an impression that this place was dirty. Moreover, there was only one other party in the entire restaurant, and my first thought that this place wouldn't be that good (I usually associate how good the food is by the amount of people in the restaurant). \n\nHowever, once we sat down, the table was pretty clean. The decorations were nice and modern, and I kind of liked the fact that it was kind of empty; I was able to really hang out and enjoy my time with my friends while we ate. I had a really hard time ordering, but the waitress was extremely nice and helpful. I ended up getting a spinach noodle dish that contained soy chicken, vegetables, and a sweet and spicy bbq sauce on the side. It actually ended up being pretty tasty; I've never had soy chicken before, and tasted pretty good. It is large enough that I can make it into two meals, and there was a good balance between vegetables and noodles. It did not taste heavy or oily at all, and the flavors weren't too overwhelming, nor was it too bland. \n\nThe meal overall was a pretty reasonable price, and it was a relatively pleasant dinner experience. I will probably end up coming back during the rest of my college years!"
	: "Sabrina's Caf\u00e9 is definitely my new favorite, hip place to dine. The atmosphere is very casual, yet professional and neat. The menu caters to a lot of different tastes, with a variety of choices, such as Italian and Asian cuisine to name a few. My first two times at Sabrina's, I had a variation of the same dish: the Crispy Tofu and Coconut Shrimp, both served over delicious soba noodles, which have been layered in a sesame sauce, mango salsa, and to top it off, avocado chunks. This dish, accompanied with the vegetable spring rolls, is a pure win. I really love the amount of food you receive here; the portions are more than adequate. A few times I wasn't even able to finish my meal on sight.\n \nOn average, the service is good as well. The staff is generally very friendly, willing to assist your needs. I highly recommend this lovely gem, which has two other locations, one in South Philadelphia, and the other near the Art Museum."
	: "greasy fun, heartburn city, strictly for those under 20 or folks who take prilosec or other antacids on a regular basis"
	: "I also went here during restaurant week and the food was pretty good, but not fantastic. It was nice to have a leisurely 3-course meal, but I noticed that the normal prices were high for what you actually get. I have been here in the past for  1/2 off wine, which is a great deal: pair with some appetizers and you've got it made. The Nutella crepe desert might have been the best part of the meal, however the best part of the entire experience was our server: hilarious and still got the job done. I would go back, but would never pay full price for what is offered."
	: "I've gotten my bridesmaid dress altered here for a RIDICULOUS price. I think they charged me like $45 or something along the line for a simple hem. They did an OK job. Definitely not worth $45. When I got my jeans hemmed here, it was a reasonable price of about $10, but it was so obvious that the hem was done crooked. I don't think I'll ever come back here."
	: "Beautiful glass jewelry. Great website too!"
	: "I agree with Eveline - and I too am writing this review based on grease-laden memories of my post-collegiate Chinese Truck experience.\n\nI don't understand the love.  Food is (as said before) full of oil, onions and MSG.\n\nYech!\n\nOh - but it's really, really cheap."
	: "I would give Esselon 10 stars if I could. I'm officially obsessed. Its one of the biggest things I miss about living in western MA. No matter how long I'm home for, I always take time for a visit. \n\nI love the cozy feel and decor, especially the awesome cieling. But the food and coffee is seriously incredible. I love the speciality pancakes--they're always so mouth-watering and delicious. I usually end up getting the breakfast burrito though. Its been amazing every single time I've gotten it. And i have to get a cookie to go. It keeps the Esselon yummy-ness alive even when I'm back in the city."
	: "El mejor pollo rostisado en Claremont!!! Muy sabroso y mas con la salsa..."
	: "Matsuri is pleasantly surprising.  I generally don't expect any authentic asian cuisine in Pasadena but that is how many of the yelp reviews described Matsuri and I can see why.\n\nUpon your arrival, you are greeted by a little drumming.  A little hokey, for sure, but still a little charming.  All the staff are Japanese with cute accents - not blonde Pasadena socialites.  \n\nThe food actually tastes homey and handmade too.  \n\nAppetizers:  JALAPENO BOMBERS - jalapenos stuffed with cream cheese and fish roe and tempura fried with kewpie mayo and siracha sauce.   I'm not a fan of cream cheese appetizers so this was good, but not my favorite.  I did like the heat of the jalapenos though.  SHI-SO HOT; tempura fried shisho leaf topped with spicy tuna and a drizzling of eel sauce.  This was GREAT.  I was slightly disappointed that the shiso didn't add much flavor but the crisp worked wonderfully in holding up the tuna, which matched very well with the sweet sauce.  GYOZAS are great - handmade with a light loose veggie filling.  \n\nBoyfriend ordered the HAMBURG steak, three thin patties of ground beef with a pan fried crisp bottom and slathered with a homemade ketchup.  It comes with a side of cabbage slaw, potato salad and a wedge of cantaloupe.  Boyfriend liked the potato salad, which had cucumber slices inside. \n\nI ordered the MATSURI CHIRASHI, which came loaded with julienned daikon, furikaka sprinkled over the rice, and a selection of fishes - 3 tuna, 2 tamago, 1 salmon, a pile of ikura,  clam, eel, mackerel and I forget the rest.  \n\nFriend ordered the SPICY TUNA SALAD, which he enjoyed.  \n\nThe cooked entrees are all very reasonably priced at under $15 .  Me likes!"
	: "i went when this place was just opening, and i was very disappointed.  the coffee was really bad and the flavors of the coffee all tasted the same--salty.  yuck!  the space is cool and could potentially turn into a fun place to be around...but when i was there, it was far from its potential."
	: "As a graduated UCLA student i have to say i miss this place very much, the staff didnt change in all my years of visiting.  \nAlways seemed to have a line out the door and for good reason. 2 perfectly baked cookies with a scoop of ice cream in between! HEAVEN! and for 1.50 used to be 1.00 i know TRAGIC, its still pretty damm good!! \n\nno place to sit, but somehow always managed a seat if i wanted one. great dessert place. worth the  hype, even with the price increases. long live diddy reese!"
	: "The Blind Pig is one of the places I'll miss most now that I no longer live in Champaign. The interior is modeled after old English pubs with mahogany and dark glassed windows, but there are plenty of unique touches. I always was happy with the music here too. I can barely hear myself think in most bars, but at the Pig the music, while good, keeps to its proper place. Sometimes they have live Irish and ragtime-style music. \n\nThe beer menu is the best in the area, with high quality drafts on tap, as well as a huge stock of bottled beers. The usually have cask conditioned beer too, which is mostly wonderful, if a little strong (the last one I had was something like 11% alcohol)."
	: "Gerry rules! Good canolis\n\nI love the pizza it is a different spin on your typical ny pizza.  The freshly made canolis are the highlight for me.  Best spot on 110th in manhattan!"
	: "Nothing about this place stands out. It's got a nice outdoor seating area, and you can get a coffee and sandwich for relatively cheap (all things considered -- you ARE in Hahvahd) but looking back on this place, nothing really grabs you.  Another nail in the coffin of the blandification of Harvard Square."
	: "I'm not sure what everyone else is raving about but I've definitely had better tacos elsewhere.  Their burritos are pretty hefty but no bigger than any other hole-in-the-wall taco joints.  I ordered the carne asada soft taco, which did not come piled with meat like I had hoped.  I did like their condiment bar but other than that, I prob would not come back."
	: "Haven't been here in a few years, but definitely the best around."
	: "I have been going to Atlanta Yoga for almost a year now regularly.  I take Anusara yoga classes there from Gina.   I love it!  Gina is a great teacher, enthusiastic and very willing to work with you on any issues you might have.  Anusara is different from Ashtanga, more alignment based and you get into the poses for longer.  Generally, the Anusara classes are appropriate for all levels, so do not be afraid to give it a go.  The studio space itself is nice with hardwood floors and a loft-like interior."
	: "They fixed the music! Now you can savor your specialty latte to some awesome shifting soundscapes.\n\nSomething I forgot to mention in my previous review: I love that they offer little snacklets -- animal crackers and chocolate-covered pretzels -- by the scoop.  Maybe they should shelve the baked goods altogether (they semi-hide them behind the counter, anyway) and expand their array of cookie jars?  I'd gladly pay a buck or two to have a couple oreos or speculoos with my coffee."
	: "Having gone to UNC, I've been to Topo on several occasions. Service is consistently bad, and the food is average. Do not order the Jambalaya, you're better off getting it from the hot bar at whole foods. \n\nAs for beers, get the old well white. You won't go wrong with that."
	: "Had wanted to try Eureka! Burger for some time now. We dont get out to Claremont too often, but when we do, there is always a new destination for dining. This time, happened to be Eureka! Burger. While we knew the restaurant was located inside the Packing House, totally unexpected to the small size of the place. This was on a Saturday night around 6:45 PM and our wait was estimated for about an hour and fifteen minutes. A little more than I expected, but we put our name in anyways. Pretty niffty that they will actually send you a text message when your table is being prepated. So, the wait actually ended up being around 45 minutes. Not too bad. \n\nStarted with the wings, and the sample of beers. Wings were great and enjoyed the housemade dressing for those. The craft brew selection appears fantastic, just from the four samples I ordered. The one IPA was actually really really good. Wish I could recall which it was. Ordered the Classic Eureka Burger and the Catalina Burger. My wife described her burger to be not much better than a traditonal restaurant burger. Even at ordering the cooking temp to medium. I thought the Catalina Burger was great. The bison was lean, but packed full of flavor compared to the classic beef in the Eureka Burger. The shoestring fries were fresh and seasoned well. While we may not return due to the fact that we are Back Abbey fans. (Now thats a burger), may stop by with the guys for selection of beers... and maybe try a different burg."
	: "Never dissapoints. Delicious Smores and Red Velvet!"
	: "This is my favorite place to go for running gear.  They have a great selection of shoes, clothes and accessories, and the staff is really helpful.  One star off because, since they carry so many different types of workout apparel, they don't have as wide a selection of running gear as they could, but that's just my personal bias."
	: "Came to this CPK last night with the hubby and a friend of ours. We shared a grilled vegetable salad and a BBQ Chicken pizza. The pizza was delicious but the salad was disappointing. There were hardly any grilled vegetables, the salad dressing was flavorless, the lettuce was gross but the avocado was perfect. \n\nThe main reason for this review is to address the service issue. \n\nWe were greeted 10 minutes after being seated at the table with \"you ready?\" What?! No \"hello\", \"my name is\", \"welcome\", \"can I get you some drinks?\" Okay.... Strike 1..... \nDinner is dropped off with a \"here you go\" What happened to \"can I get you another drink because they're obviously empty\" or \"is there anything else I can get you?\" Strike 2....\nWe went parched without refills for the entire meal. Eventually she asked if we needed refills when we were done with our food. Never asked \"how is everything?\". Foul ball....\nTo top it all off \"Did you want the bill or dessert?\" strike three! You're out!\n\nOn top of it all other tables were \"trucking it\" or \"same-siding it\" (whatever you want to call it) and making out through their meals.... PLEASE PEOPLE I'M TRYING TO EAT!\n\nWorst service ever gets 1 star\nAdd another star for the yummy pizza and clean bathroom.\n\n2 stars total and we'll never be coming back here!"
	: "I work here, I play here. Never get tired of it, because there's always something new. Drive-in movie nights, soul night, local bands, gay/straight/everything in between night, incredible drinks (ask TD for a 'sunburst'), and a really welcoming atmosphere. There is one rule at ZuZu -- the awesome rule. Just be awesome, rad, etc, and you'll have a great time."
	: "I don't have much of a review to offer as I only had a consultation.  Nevertheless I will provide information on that.\n\nI learned about Dr. Tobinick via a Youtube video his office uploaded.  I made an appointment for a free consultation; his office is in the UCLA medical plaza  They had me first watch a video detailing his unique procedure which, he claims, will eliminate pain associated with a herniated disc (in about 70% of patients).\n\nI have a herniated disc in my neck.  The pain is much less than it was a year ago, but still I have pain every day and so I'd like to have my condition corrected.  I only take Aleve or aspirin on \"bad days.\"  I didn't see Dr. Tobinick but rather one of his associate MD's - Dr. Reyzin.  The staff said Dr. Tobinick was in Florida.\n\nAnyway, Dr. Reyzin said I was a candidate for this procedure.  The next step would be to schedule a complete examination and physical test - cost $300.00.  The procedure then costs $3,000.00 - $5,000.00.  That's a lot for a 10 minute procedure but if it works it would be worth it.  I have health insurance and I'll have to see if they'll cover this.\n\nI came home and tried to find some negative (or positive) info about Dr. Tobinick on the web; I couldn't find much of either.  I'll keep searching.  I'll update this review if I decide to have this procedure done.  My gut feeling tells me something is not right with regard to Dr. Tobinick's claims.  If 70% of patients had their pain eliminated, wouldn't every spine doctor be performing this procedure?  Or perhaps, maybe the procedure works but after several months to a year, the pain comes back (which is typically what happens when steroids are injected into a herniated disc)."
	: "When it comes to Thai food in the University District, all signs seem to point exclusively to Thai Tom. I don't know why, but people really make a big deal about this place. Best Thai food in Seattle? Maybe if all the more spacious and comfortable ones in the area are somehow inferior. That's not to say this place is anything short of excellent, or that I doubt in its ability to stand up to the competition. The food here is simply outstanding. Whether it's a better Thai restaurant than all the other ones in town is another question, but what is certain is that you really can't go wrong with any money spent here.\n\nBecause I knew how popular this place is and how limited the seating would be, I anticipated it getting full shortly after opening. I stood outside and waited until 11:30 AM with a handful of other eager customers. By 11:35, nearly every seat was taken. It was then that I realized I was dealing with serious business. While I was lucky enough to be seated, I saw the waiter turn away a few people and ask them to come back later because there just wasn't enough space to accomodate them. I don't know whether to be impressed by that, but if they're so successful, I wonder why they can't afford to get a bigger place.\n\nThe place itself, if the other reviews haven't made it obvious by now, is constantly busy and crowded. It looks old, worn out, and generally unpleasant. But it's a restaurant and not a museum where you marvel at artwork. The air here is pretty much always thick with the smell of delicious fried food. The kitchen isn't in its own separate room way in the back and out of the public eye; the cooks make your food right in front of your eyes. Consequently, it can also get rather hot, especially if you sit by the fires. But all this food is definitely worth the trouble. No matter how long you have to wait, you can be entertained by the aroma of other customers' meals and the display of the food being made.\n\nSince so much of the fun of eating here comes from watching the cooks make everything, I'd suggest getting one of the seats at the counter near the front of the restaurant, kind of in the corner. It's a spectacular display, although not as ostentatious as teppanyaki. The cooks' hands move with astounding speed. They'll grab from the ingredients around them, crack eggs single-handedly, and noisily clatter the woks around as they perform all their cooking in a seemingly effortless manner. It's nice being able to see exactly how all this food is prepared, especially if it's obvious that it's being done by people who clearly have a lot of experience.\n\nThe menu here is something of an oddity. Instead of the usual thin and light paper menus, the ones here appear to be entirely painted on wooden planks. My first instinct was actually to take it as a joke, but I realize that it may have been a stylistic choice. I suppose they're really going for that authentic Thai feel here. From the rather brief list of hardly more than thirty items, I ordered the Phad Thai for $7.50. This restaurant is supposedly top-tier, but I wanted to get the most basic dish before venturing onward to their more \"specialized\" delicacies. I got it with chicken and three stars on the spicy scale from one to five.\n\nAlthough there was quite a long queue of customers who had already placed their orders before I could get a chance to, it's almost not a concern because it was such a delight watching the guy cooking the meals jump from making one person's dish to another. It's amazing how he never seemed to mess up, too. On numerous occasions, it looked like he was stirring the food too carelessly and would make a mess, but he always seemed to catch it in his wok. The show had an almost mesmerizing quality to it. I don't know why I get such a kick out of watching one person multitask so efficiently. It's an entirely missed opportunity if you get seated at one of the tables to the side, away from where all the action is taking place. For this reason, I would not recommend coming here with too large and cumbersome of a group. Either way, it's quite possible to get seated right next to a complete stranger here.\n\nMy much-awaited lunch arrived with the chicken Phad Thai on one side of a long bowl, a clump of white rice occupying the other side, and a wedge of lime adjacent to all this. Sizzling in front of me, it looked and smelled like quite a feast, although I couldn't help but notice that it was... disappointingly small. To be fair, it was a very inexpensive dish, but insufficient as a whole meal for a voracious eater like me. All petty complaints, because the food itself was without a doubt among the best of Thai cuisine I've ever experienced. A sweet taste was dominant with this Phad Thai; I guess they had skimped on the spiciness, but I won't hold it against them. I may have exaggerated the flaws, but they're all insignificant when you consider that this is just about as close to perfection for Thai food in Seattle to feasibly reach."
	: "Sooooo incredibly awesome. The food is outstanding! Their prices are fair and actually very cheap compared to Thai Palace. The staff is polite, friendly, and efficient. I'm never disappointed. My boyfriend and I go here at least once a month... sometimes more. Thai Classic is truly a gem in SLO."
	: "I LOVE Crabtree & Evelyn's products, so three stars there, but I had a really bad experience with this store...\n\nI went in during the holidays to pick up gifts, and grabbed a fair amount of stuff for me & my mum as well without much help from the staff (At one point the lady who was obviously the store manager came out and she helped me - but no one else!). I got up to the counter and I don't know if the girl who was helping me was new or what, but she rang my whole transaction without putting it under my preferred customer number, and she had to return everything and re-ring it. Ok whatever, its holiday season...\n\nWhen I got around to opening a tube of Hand Recovery a few months later, I found out there was a USED TESTER in it! I paid $20 for a used tester! When I went back to the store the girl there said she couldn't do anything without a receipt, even though the tube was clearly labeled \"TESTER\" and had been used!!!! Gross, Gross, GROSS!\n\nThankfully, the gals at the Valley Fair location were very friendly & willing to help me out, and they gave me a ton of samples -without me asking- for the trouble. Stellar customer service at Valley Fair! \n\nI'm pretty disgusted with the Stanford store at this point though..."
	: "Great lunch options.\n\nGreat rooftop feel to this place.  Window seating allows you to overlook JFK street.\n\nFood is edible to great depending on the dish."
	: "Awesome. I really enjoyed the meal. There was absolutely nothing wrong with anything, and the wait staff was perfect. I rarely give 5-stars and this place could easily deserve it, but nothing blew me away enough to warrant that. I saw MacGruber after dinner.  It was pretty funny."
	: "I travel during the week for work and get home late Thursday evenings, and I always get takeout somewhere on the way home. This is my go-to stop for takeout because the food is good, it is quick and convenient, and the prices are fair. While the food doesn't blow you away, the quality and spiciness are both consistent (with spiciness based on a 1-to-10 scale), which is hard to find here in Pittsburgh at many Thai restaurants. Also, in my experiences dining in here, the waitstaff has always been very friendly and attentive. My favorite thing to order is the Kiew Wan with chicken and the Mangoes with Sticky Rice for dessert!"
	: "Go to the DG for your on-campus caffeine fix.  I drink only brewed coffee so I can't speak to the espresso drinks, but the coffee is always fresh and hot, and they brew Counter Culture, which is the best around.\n\nYeah so the inside is cramped and pretty inefficient, but it's better than the old one.  I would not suggest sticking around (unless it's nice and you can get a table outside) so if you need a spot to sit and study just take your coffee to the library or Union and enjoy it there.\n\nBest to stop here in the middle of classes so you don't have to wait in a massive line.  Sometimes the Student Stores inside counter has less of a wait."
	: "I enjoy going to La Flamme for several reasons. One, it has an appealing old fashion quality that is hard to find in most areas. La Flamme has expanded hours compared to most barbershops. My favorite part...they're always quick without sacrificing quality."
	: "Clover is absolutely fantastic!   As a vegan, you don't get much better than this for the convenience and the prices.  Staff is always super friendly, if not a little quirky, and I ADORE that you can draw pictures with the provided crayons and paper.  Always so much fun with friends (probably too much sometimes!)\n\nMy favorites are definitely the veganized BBQ seitan (with tahini - TRUST ME), and the chick pea fritter.  The dinner plates are also great!  Fries are incredible, and I love the ketchup and spicy chili sauce they offer!\n\nThe space is amazing, clean and open with white walls and plants everywhere -- you'd never know you were one block away from bustling Harvard Square.  Long story short: if you're in the area and want a slam dunk dinner for $5 or less, CLOVER is where it's at!"
	: "I like the fact that they have chorizo as a meat option for burritos/tacos/quesadilla/etc.  It is cheaper than Chipotle (~$4-5 for burrito with guac here vs. $7-8 for burrito with guac in Chipotle), and it has lots of options for toppings (chipotle salsa, pickled carrots) that you can add yourself.  Service was also fast.\n\nHad the grilled chicken burrito with whole wheat tortilla (a big plus!).  Very tasty!  Also cheese nachos with the aforementioned toppings.  It is decent like any other regular nachos, so nothing to rave about that.\n\nMinor complaints are the guacamole is a little too mushy (I like chunkier guac, ha!), and the service was just slightly unpleasant  as the servers were kinda pushy."
	: "The four stars are more for the atmosphere than the food.  People rave about the fish tacos.  Stay away from them.  They're heavily breaded, the sauce is french dressing (I think, in any case it's something not good) and they're served with fries.  The burgers are fantastic.  I haven't tried the fancier items."
	: "I love this place during summers, when the students clear out of the neighborhood and everything feels nice and chill, and there's always room to sit.  There's a great tap selection here, and nightly drink specials."
	: "I am a little leery of buffets in general, but I really thought that the lunch buffet at Caf\u00e9 of India was quite good.  It was larger than others I have been to with nice variety and interesting dishes.  \n\nIf anything I thought that the service was a little too attentive with a server bringing our check before we'd finished and assuming I'd placed payment in it when I hadn't gotten to it yet.  To his credit he seemed embarrassed and assured us we could take our time.  I liked the decor and ambiance at Caf\u00e9 of India, and the price was very reasonable."
	: "Mmm, so a friend and I heard about this place and decided to go and try a few items. \nSavory Pork belly, Spicey Pork Belly Sand, Steam dumpings, Salty Chicken wings, Clams in creamy tomoato sauce. \nOver all it was ok, noting like OMG I want to go back. I will however say I will go back and try some other itmes, it could of been us or just not the best of night for Abricott."
	: "The best teas around! Seriously, they have an amazing collection, great prices, sweet staff, and cozy atmosphere."
	: "Suffering the same fate as Magnolia. Bad service. Seems some Austin, Texas locations think they can survive on reputation alone. When it takes over a half hour to get a drink I\"m pretty peeved. When it takes them over a half hour to get my credit card back to me I'm upset. When the waiter comments on my zero tip and acts suprised I get pissed. It's simple folks bad service equals no tip. Problem is the only thing consistent about Spider House is the bad service."
	: "DO NOT STAY IN THIS HOTEL!\n\nI booked a stay here, but found a hotel better located for my needs. I sent a cancellation notice to the hotel via email, and never heard back. So I sent another one and asked for confirmation - never got any. This was 4 and 3 days before my reservation date and within the time where I could cancel without cost.\n\nI never went to this hotel, I stayed in the Sheraton instead, arriving at midnight after a delayed flight from Atlanta. They charged me for one night stay, saying that I checked in at 3:48pm - 5 hours before my plane was scheduled arrival at LAX, and 8 hours before my actual arrival in Pasadena. Then they went on to claim that I had checked out the next day at 6:25pm - what hotel lets you check out at 6:25pm without charging you for another day?\n\nThey are such liars! So the charge is in dispute, if they can produce a checkin sheet with my signature I will pay - but I know they don't have one because I have never been to this hotel.\n\nUPDATE - They contacted me and asked me to remove this post as a condition of a refund. I refused, and they refunded anyway. The problem here was the fact that they sent an email confirmation and WAY WAY down on the very bottom was a note that said the email address was unmonitored (and it didn't bounce). So when I sent several cancellations, they dissapeared. No other email address is provided on the website, and although they talk about a cancellation procedure in the email confirmation, I couldn't find one anywhere. Most people use a \"do not reply\" address, but they do a lot of things different than other hotels."
	: "If I could give Delfino's a 4.5 I would, but only because they need at least a 2nd private dining space. GROW, DARN IT!!\n\nTheir stuffed pizza is some of the best 'za  in Seattle, worth every second of the 35 +/- minutes it takes to prepare. Yes, it'd be nice to have more potential ingredients on the menu, but frankly? As good as the present offering is, who cares? \n\nWARNING: Unless possessed of uncommon restraint, don't visit more'n every three months or so lest you achieve essentially globular form.\n\nYUM"
	: "An avid Maple View fan, I was pretty devastated when I saw the Carrboro location was closing.  I need my Double Chocolate Maple View ice cream fix like I need oxygen. Really, I do.\n\nGREAT NEWS!  Fresh Taste sells Maple View ice cream & frozen yogurt!  Frozen yogurt wasn't quite available, so I can't give an opinion on that but I'm betting it's delish.\n\nLast night, I happily strolled down Weaver Street with my Double Chocolate ice cream cone and all was well with the world.\n\nPrices have gone up slightly -- but still worth it, for sure.\n\nThe new owner is super nice.  Check it out!"
	: "came back. It was basically the same as last time, except my lemonade was more sour and the crust was crunchier. Still no major complaints, though, and I would still recommend this place."
	: "Very cute restaurant, got there right when they opened so we were the first ones there but as half an hour passed by, there weren't any tables left. Street parking was okay but if you don't get there early, you might have to walk a bit. \n\nOrdered the scallops, the cauliflower, caprese salad, bruschette (garlic&tomatobasil), two bacaro burgers, and bread pudding. Let me just start off by saying everything tasted really good! We started off with the bruschette and the caprese salad. The bread of the bruschette was SooOoooo buttery and crispy, sooo delicious! I normally like a strong garlic taste, however the garlic on the bruschette was more of a mild nutty garlic flavor but still so tasty! The tomato&basil bruschette was typical and nothing too special. The caprese salad was also very good, had fresh mozzarella and pesto.  Then we got our scallops and cauliflower, and I know everyone raves about the scallop, but the scallops were just good, not extraordinary. On the other hand, the cauliflower was AMAZING! I don't know what kind of seasoning they use, but if everyone made cauliflower like this, kids wouldn't have any problems eating their veggies! We got our bacaro burgers, with the egg of course, and it was a unique way to eat a burger, but unique in a good way. By the end of all our small plates, we were incredibly stuffed. Thought the small plates wouldn't be enough to fill us but I think we were definitely wrong. Still we couldn't leave without trying the bread pudding and OMGGGG i'm drooling as I type,,, i definitely had a mouthgasm *sigh it's super fluffy, buttery, with a soft texture yet some of the ends of the little mushy bread pieces were crispy all topped off with a heavenly scoop of vanilla ice cream. What a way to end the meal! \n\nLoved this place, ready to come back and try some of the other dishes. Our waitress was super nice and friendly. All in all, a wonderful experience!"
	: "Didn't order any food, but definitely ordered plenty of beer to make up for it.\n\n(Probably not the best idea.)\n\nThe award-winning Blue Ridge Blueberry Wheat is super tasty, as is the Old Well White. Sit outside on a bright, sunny day; order up a few brews; relax and enjoy with your friends."
	: "BROWN RICE.  That is why i go there.  Good food and service but it is the brown rice,"
	: "Interior is nicer than Woodlands' (which is catty corner) but the food isn't as good.  My dosa was soggy and not hot.  The selection of condiments wasn't as good either -- no pickle?  no tamarind?  and the riata was pretty flavorless.  Also, mind you, it's a vegetarian buffet for $9 and you have to drive there.\n\nI didn't try any desserts from the counter, but they looked tasty."
	: "Just your average Panera - typical chain food, good service, whatever. \n\nUnfortunately the only time I would usually come to a chain like this is when I want a comfortable place to study, and not only is this particular Panera usually packed, but the internet is always awful. It's not just the 30-minute sign-off thing someone else mentioned - the connection is horrible and even completely unusable in some areas of the restaurant."
	: "Can't believe I never went to this place when I lived in the area for several years.  Had dinner here last night.  They have fantastic BBQ.  I especially liked their cheesy grits, pepper corn bread and jalapeno hushpuppies.  Crooks has a very down home feel and nice outdoor seating..located in decent location on W Franklin St."
	: "Awesome, completely renovated lux hotel that used to be a bank and also church (and post office?) . Humongous room with all latest features, the closet for hanging clothes had swanky sliding glass doors! The hotel lobby/ chill area is gigantic (reminescent of a giant banquet hall and evidence of former chapel glamour). The only super odd thing was that the windows in rooms did not open and we were explained it was safety measure, done with all modern hotels. Basically, Providence has a large percentage of a crazy element as its residents and so the precaution against \"incidental\" suicide attempts. As for the crazy element, you'd find out what that means being here and seeing it yourself."
	: "I love me a good Vietnamese sandwich and Bite mi did not disappoint! Bite mi meets all the essential ingredients for a banh mi shop: must be disturbingly cheap (sandwiches are all around 3.25 to 3.75) and scrumtrulescent!\n\nMy chief complaints are that the sandwiches are somewhat lacking in spice compared to what I've had before, they should really have options to tone up the spice and garlic levels. Regardless though, Bite mi is worth the trip!"
	: "You can't be a UCLA student and not go to this place and I've got a horrible case of The Sweet Tooth so needless to say, I kept  the place in business. I haven't been here for a while but from my recollection, the cookies were good and cheap, what more could you ask for? White Chocolate Macadamia nut...yummmm. I never tried that ice cream sandwhich everyone raves about but ice cream=good, cookies=good, so simple mathematics would dictate that ice cream+cookies=good. I miss you, Diddy Riese! It's been far too long since we've last met!"
	: "I have been going here for over 10 years and it never gets old! I love the Falafel sandwich and also order the tabula salad that is tangy and fresh . If you are in the area you owe it to your taste buds to come on in ."
	: "Ben told me about this place being under construction months ago, and I drove by EVERY FREAKING DAY for the past month waiting for it to open. Seriously. It's right down the street from my office and I had never had Korean bbq before, so I was super-excited to try it.\n\nThere was a preview dinner (to which I was not invited - the nerve of those people!) two Saturdays ago that I saw going on as I drove by, to my great chagrin. As upset as I was, I was also thrilled that it would finally be open. Except that Monday, when I drove over, it was closed again. WTF?!?\n\nThey finally opened on Wednesday, so Ben and I made plans to have lunch there on Friday. My enthusiasm was dampened a bit by Jenny's review, but I saw on Chowhound that you could get kimchi if you asked and that the spicy chicken was pretty tasty.\n\nBen ordered the bulgogi and I ordered the spicy chicken. You get to pick two panchan dishes; we both got the spicy cucumbers but I ordered the sesame broccoli and Ben ordered the Asian potato salad. I liked the spicy cucumbers more than he did, but then again, my mom doesn't make these for me on request. The potato salad had onions in it, so I didn't try it, but Ben said it was just okay. The sesame broccoli was extremely bland and the stalks were somehow...flaccid. Ugh.\n\nThe spicy chicken was decent, though not that spicy; the flavor profile was pretty good but it just needed a little extra oomph. The bulgogi was underspiced and a little fatty. Oh, we did get kimchi, though ODDLY ENOUGH, they asked Ben if he wanted it and not me. I was insulted; I could be Asian, too! I have totally passed for Filipina before. Anyhow, I ran back to the cashier and asked to have some added to my order. It was not bad, though a little extra-fermenty to my tastebuds. Ben said it tasted like it came from a jar.\n\nOn the bright side, the place is really nicely decorated and they serve Diet Coke."
	: "It is a cookie, people. With ice cream. Git over it. \n\nI can't say these cookies are a \"bargain\" or \"deal\" (I use the terms loosely given the economic situation of the day), but I can say that they are unncessarily aggrandized! C'mon. \n\nDefinitely more of a college novelty. A must-visit if you're a virgin to the Westwood/Bruin area. But with experience you'll realize...you've had better."
	: "I LOVE THE LONE WOLF. A LOT. \nwe drive here from boston all the time. it is my favorite place to get (vegan) breakfast in the entire state. \n\ni get: tofu scramble, a gigantic side blueberry pancake, soy sausage, iced coffee. it is so much food i almost puke, but it in a good way. \n\nand yes. you can get a SIDE pancake. and it is huge. and good. \nand if there is a wait for a table it is possible you can sit at the bar and eat. or: walk to rao's or go to the bakery next door for coffee or something."
	: "Minus 5 million points for the stupid name.\n\nI swear, I was only there for Buckhunter.  [I don't even like Buckhunter].\n\nAs captured in the previous review, this place is not only not special, it's kind of bad.  And not awesome dive-bar bad.  18-and-unders sneaking drinks and over-40s leering creepily, this bar has everyone I'm trying to avoid in this town.  And all the food I don't want to eat, unseasoned.\n\nThey also get a nomination in the \"worst bar bathroom\" contest, which could appropriately be called a \"water closet\".  Make sure you're up-to-date on your vaccinations before venturing in there."
	: "The Bridge is a pretty interesting Theater. My friends actually got married in one of the Movie rooms, had a reception in the bar area, which later extended into the Rotunda. The seats there are really nice and the place is clean. Its a good place to see the latest Blockbuster. I applied to work there when it first opened up, but they wouldn't hire me because of my tattoo."
	: "\"Great Name, Mediocre Sandwiches\"\n\nDespite growing up in Ann Arbor, I never ventured inside this deli which marks the end of a long string of restaurants running along South U that cater to students. With such a grand sign in those great two colors, I had to give it a try before I completely moved out of town. When a 4-star average on Yelp, I had pretty high expectations going in.\n\nUnfortunately, these expectations were not met, and my overall dining experience was mediocre. I got a Georgia Reuben, a sandwich I have enjoyed many times from Zingerman's and Dimo's.\n\nFor the same price, at Dimo's I can get a sandwich that's twice as big and frankly twice as good. I wonder if the high average of M&B is due to the fact many of the students reviewing it have never ventured out to Stadium. I'm amazed by how many people here are raving about the size of the sandwiches...I peaked at the couple next to me and there's were also the same size as mine...while they pack in a decent amount of meat, I wasn't even completely full and needed to grab a slice of pizza a few hours later. Dimo's has never failed to completely fill me up (you get chips in addition to a pickle there). Zingerman's Georgia Reuben or Tom's New Job, while far more expensive so perhaps not a fair comparison, are still far superior sandwichs.\n\nUltimately a lot of this comes down to ingredients. Both Dimo's and Zingerman's use their own bread...while Dimo's bread isn't world-renowned like Zingerman's, its still huge and guaranteed always since they make it themselves. M&B's bread was mediocre bread-aisle bread. Meh. For a Georgia Reuben, having crisp bread is key.\n\nI didn't feel the other ingredients blended that well together. While the turkey wasn't by any means bad, it lacked its own taste...it just felt bland. The cheese wasn't well melted and the Russian dressing sauce was lacking. It mainly felt like I was using bread to eat a lot of turkey with my hands. For the price I paid, I was expecting a more holistic sandwich experience.\n\nThe place itself is nice enough; its small, with the menu taking up an entire wall and a TV in the corner. Props to them for offering so many types of sandwiches. The service was fine--they bring the sandwich to you which is a nice touch.\n\nI would appreciate it if the sandwiches were larger, ingredients (esp bread) were better, sandwiches were warmed/cooked more, and came with chips. That's a lot to ask for. Would I return? Probably not. There are too many other great options on South U to pass up, and if I want a sandwich, I'll head over to Dimo's or Zingerman's.\n\nGo blue though!"
	: "Overpriced regular supermarket. Also they are dishonest. Beware of their \"specials\" a few times I noticed (after noticing the stale taste) that what I bought \"on sale\" was in fact old food with an expired sell by date! By the third time I am thinking this is not a coincidence. Yuck."
	: "I've been here for dinner and lunch but, best of all, I listened to a friend describe the Thanksgiving dinner he and his wife had.  Like many of the reviewers, my friend raved about how this restaurant could make \"ordinary food\" taste sooo goooodddd.  Each time I came, I spent a long time reading the menu in an attempt to narrow down my choices and each time, I chose correctly.  In terms of atmosphere, the place is an oxymoron: sophisticated country.  Perhaps, it's a Napa Valley restaurant that got lost on the wrong coast!"
	: "A good spot for cheap eats close to campus. Beers on offer are great, but the food leaves a little to be desired: soggy fries, burnt wings, tiny sandwiches and burgers. Not terrible but not fantastic either. I'll go back for the beer and location."
	: "When I bring my friends come from college; I always take them to Chuck's. It's just a given. I honestly have never gotten anything besides wings here. They are always given in huge portions and the prices are okay. It is worth it though. If you don't like college kids--don't come here. It is always packed with them. It is in walking distance to everything awesome and if you are lame and drive in Princeton--then there are parking spaces available near by."
	: "I noticed last week that there was some water around the floor drain of my garage. I asked a friend of mine for plumber referral in our area, as I didn't know anyone reliable.\n\nAt the office, I promptly called the number my friend had given me, but it appeared that I must have misdialed, because it was a Doctor who answered the phone, so I apologized for the wrong number.\n\nHowever, I was quite astonished because the Doctor didn't release, but instead asked what kind of plumbing or drainage problem I got at home, so I told him about the clogged floor drain in my garage, just to get the conversation over and done with.\n\nWhen he asked what time would I want him at the house, I got really confused!\n\nThus, I respectfully inquired: \"Excuse me, Doctor, but what business exactly do you have coming to my house?\"\n\nSlowly and distinctly he responded: \"Sir, I'm not a Doctor, but our company is called \"Drain Surgeon\" and you've called us concerning your garage drain problem. Usually, a drain problem like this can't be fixed through the phone, so we really have to come over to your house.\"\n\n\"Ummm..., in that case, let's arranged for Saturday morning at 10:00 AM\", I conceded.\n \nWhen the guy first answered, I really thought he said \"Brain Surgeon\"!\n\nAnd the only reason why I was hesitant to have an appointment, was essentially because there's absolutely nothing wrong with my brain at all.\n\nDamn it! It appears that California is replete with funny and pun-oriented business names, which I didn't quite appreciate.\n\nThey shouldn't mix legitimate business with comedy business.\n\nAnyway, the Drain Surgeon guy who came over was an experienced plumbing professional, respectful and with a friendly attitude, who provided satisfactory service. The guy also gave me their contact number in Glendale: Tel. 818-843-5853\n\nAccordingly, if you have a need for drain surgery, the Drain Surgeon could perform the operation readily, with utmost dedication and efficiency."
	: "Love this place! It's one of my favorite little cheap noodle houses in the U. and I've been going here for like, 10 years. Not much of an atmosphere, unless you like pictures of terriyaki. Tempura Udon, Teriyaki and a mountain of Yakisoba are all great here. Lot's of great food for not a lot of money."
	: "Definitely not a place I would return.  Cute bartenders but horrible food.  The burger looked like it had some how come out of a tube and then sliced into patties.  Gross to say the least. When I told my a friend where I had gone they asked my opinion on the pizza, which I did not have.  So maybe this is a pizza place only but I'm not a fan of the deep dish Chicago style any way. The place really reminded me of an applebee's, or perkins, or any other restaurant like those."
	: "Went here after the Yelp Elite event last night...this was an old haunt for the bf who used to live in H Sq. I had heard various things about it from him and others, and so the anticipation and expectations were built up. \n\nCambridge 1 did not disappoint in the least. \n\nWe only had to wait a few minutes for a table, during which we ordered beer (yesss, wachusett bberry) and munched on those awesome breadsticks (what is that little kick? It's incredible!) Once we sat down, our waitress immediately recognized my bf, and vice versa - he used to be a regular back in the day. I always give bonus points for places that remember customers...that whole Cheers dynamic (the show, not the stupid bar in Fanueil). \n\nWe each ordered halves, since he wanted pepperoni and I wanted to try a veg one. They came out in a timely fashion (not busy) and we were both in heaven before long. I got the tomatoes onions cheeses one, and the onions were carmelized...best way ever to eat onions! The crust was super thin, but had a lot of gooey flavor and was crispy too. I thought it was bigger than I needed for that night, but the bf ate every last bite of his (side note: I have never seen such large pepperoni pieces in my life). Looking around, the salads looked awesome as well and I was sad I had munched away so much at the event beforehand to enjoy one of those too. \n\nThis is also a great date place, as evidenced by the 73 dates going on around us. I know this isn't our last date here, that's for damn sure!! \n\nXOX Cambridge 1. I heart you!"
	: "Now I understand why some girls cry after hair cuts...somewhat.\n\nMy hair was getting a bit long so I decided to be adventurous and try this place. One of my friends goes to this place regularly. His hair comes out pretty good and I always notice when he changes it up. Another friend went here and her hair was ok (she basically got a trim) and they blew out her hair. not bad.\n\nSo I come in and they are actually pretty nice up front. It wasn't too busy and I got a \"stylist\" right away. Yes I used air quotes!! I told her I wanted a trim. She kinda gave me some tips on how to cut my thick wavy frizzy hair. Of course I said that's fine. I mean, I always put my hair up and on her card it said master stylist....hmmm. \n\nAnyway, she washed my hair and did some trimming. While she is cutting my hair she tell me about this procedure that would make my hair straight and really awesome, how much you say? $$450 bucks$$ How long does it last? 2-3 months!! \n\nWhen she finished doing her thing, she started to blow dry my hair, and then told me that she could do it half way or all the way dry, but my hair would be fluffy. OF COURSE...you guessed it! I opted for half way. She dried it for what seemed like than 5 min. At my other place it takes at least 2 people 7-10minutes to completely dry my hair, that's the magnitude of fierceness people! I digress... \n\nShe put some spray of product in my hair and showed me the mirror. It looked like my hair was more pufffy and frizzy than when I came in. She told me I shouldn't put my hair in a ponytail..Ok you're the master lady. She gave me her card and a print out of the expensive ass procedure she mentioned. I paid and tipped her and was on my way. I know I should have said something. But I'd expect them to know hair more than I would. \n\nThe worst part was walking to baby Gap which is almost next door to the salon. I caught a glimpse of my hair in the mirror, and I looked like some kinda crazy! I could not put my hair back up in a ponytail any faster!!! I tell you guys, NO STYLISTS SHOULD HAVE LET THEIR CLIENT WALK OUT OF THEIR CHAIR LIKE THAT! If you want proof or a laugh just ask me for the pic I took not 5 minutes later at Gap. I'll gladly provide it to you. HORRIBLE. I wanted to cry. TEARS!! \n\nSeems like a very big hit or miss here from the reviews I read. However, I will not be back...ever!"
	: "Better pizza than we expected.  Certainly not gourmet but significantly better than any of the chains and definitely satisfied my craving for a good pizza.  Love how the pizza pan has bubbles that allows for no soggy pizza.  Lively atmosphere with a younger crowd--good if you want an active evening.  The buffalo wings were ok, could be a little crispier, otherwise you start tasting the fatty skin more, but maybe that's your cup of tea.  I would give it a 3.5 =D"
	: "Nice place to shop/waste time at. It's just like Spencer's but with better lighting."
	: "I was recommended to Upstairs on the Square as a place to take my mom while we were in Boston.  It was a great suggestion and we both liked it.  Great decor, view, etc, but we didn't love it.\nI wanted to have the 3 course menu ($20 at lunch), but the main dish was spare ribs, which I can't stand, so I just had the soup.  It was a pumpkin soup with pumpkin seeds on top and pumpkin crispy things.  While good, not worth $10.  The dish was very shallow, and I really don't think any soup is worth $10.  My mom had the salmon with couscous which was around $16.  She thought it was good, but lacking in flavor.\nThe problem I had with Upstairs, besides being overpriced, was I felt I didn't belong.  It was a Monday afternoon, but I felt under dressed (it was cold, I had a puffy vest on ok), and out of place.  The guys sitting directly behind me were obvious intellectuals who have to talk just loud enough so everyone can hear their conversation and know how smart they are.  Also, someone, who I believe to be the manager/owner was walking around to several tables talking to them about their meals (which I find a bit odd for lunch?) and completely skipped over our table, even after catching my eye.  I don't know, just not my scene for a relaxed lunch with good food, too uptight."
	: "I stopped by for lunch today and got an uncooked chicken kabob and bread. Really nasty food and i would not go there again."
	: "A few years ago I got the bright idea to relive my childhood by rolling down Miller Outdoor Theater's glorious hill. The grass and I didn't mix well, and I ended up with a funny rash on my body which lasted for days. I tell you this because despite the fact that MOT left me a not-so-fancy parting gift, I STILL LOVE IT AND GO BACK (but I don't roll down the hill anymore). \n\nI spent a lot of time there this Spring, on sunny but cool afternoons, with a frisbee and some friends. Man oh man do I love having picnics, and this is such a perfect spot. Parking can be nasty for big events, in fact it was kind of a nightmare this evening during the July 4th festivities (Houston Symphony--excellent!), but I definitely don't mind walking. I think anytime you find a wonderful picnic spot in Houston you need to treasure it forever and that's what I try to do. So impress a date by packing a picnic or take some friends and you'll have a wonderful afternoon. Check out the calendar of events and get some culture in your life!\n\nAnd the best part? It's ALL FREE."
	: "The Good:\n. Teriyaki chicken bowl\n. Miso soup\n. Edamame\n. Affordable prices \n. Vegetarian friendly\n\nThe Bad:\n. Busy corner location\n. Dingy locale\n\nThe Ugly:\nI was first introduced to Mako Bowl quite a few years ago.\nI did not think much of the place and opted to take my business to Himeko (Teri & Yaki) instead.\nI have recently re-visited Mako Bowl will favorable results.\nMako Bowl is a no-frills  (far) superior Yoshinoya-alternative.\nRecommended for a quick, inexpensive \"Asian\" fast food fix."
	: "This store has a little bit of everything. And the prices are more reasonable than the other stores around. But this is what I like in a corner market. The even have a Tekken 3 machine in the front of the store. Which i have not seen in years."
	: "COOKIES: The cookies (double chocolate chip, and chocolate chip) were really good. Chewy, moist, crispy edges. \n\nICE CREAM: But my ice cream, plain old chocolate was frost bitten and icy. \n\nVERDICT: I'd go back for the cookies, but they can keep the ice cream."
	: "Best tried so far in the Bay Area.Not cheap, but you get what you paid for.You`ll look pretty good to take your date out there.Nice location,modern,fairly new,plenty of parking (street + a lot across the street).Salad bar`s nice ,clean and inviting.I`d go back if really hungry for meat, since there are some pieces that you just can`t say no to....\nForget about prior to the dinner`s dreams that you`ll eat all their meat.After 4-5 pieces, you`re almost done, hence unless you`re really killing for a lot of meat,it`s kind`of waste of money at $44/head (Rodizio)."
	: "I STILL LOVE MOE'S, even though it's a long-distance relationship now.  I always have some other ostensible reason to be in Berkeley, but really, I'm there to stop in at Moe's.  My only problem is that they have so many good books that I can't decide which to get!"
	: "I picked up some carry out for some dinner guests. Yoshi's was very friendly and patient with helping me. The food was delicious! Everyone loved the tabouli, hummus and grape leaves. I like the spacious interior. This place FELT clean, which is a huge plus for me. \n\nI will definitely be going here regularly. Good healthy food at good prices!"
	: "This location of Sura is not nearly as spectacular as the one in Johnston. Mostly because the one in Johnston actually has the grill at your table.\n\nThat being said, everything else about this restaurant is pretty decent. I've had everything here from the sushi to the bulgogi. Their special rolls are interesting and rather different. I'm pretty sure they're one of the few places in the area that has a sweet potato roll (yum).\n\nCompared to my go-to sushi place though, it can't really compare but if I'm in the Downcity area, it's a decent place for a quick sushi fix.\n\nMy favorite thing to get here is the spicy pork bulgogi. They don't have grills at each table, which kinda takes away from the Korean BBQ experience but when the bulgogi came out, it was just as tasty.\n\nEverything about the restaurant is decent. The service is nice and I think the location is AWESOME. \n\nOverall, I'd come back here for my Korean fix since I don't want to drive all the way to Johnston every time I need some bulgogi in my belly."
	: "Sockos = best subs that I have ever had. I usually get the vegetarian one with pesto and avocado on a french roll and it is delicious. Fresh, crisp, cool and the french roll is just to die for. It has just the right amount of crispness on the outside, but still really soft and delicious.\n\nThe price isn't bad for what you get and they're really friendly.\n\nOnly down side: Didn't exactly like when the guy delivered it and had to dig through the trash to find the order slip, and that the car absolutely reeked of cigarette smoke. But still, sandwich tastes amazing as always."
	: "Dr. Schnierow at San Diego Sleep Medicine IS the reason that I sleep now and without the aid of pharmaceuticals. I've struggled with severe insomnia for over 20 years and have been to multiple sleep doctors from Boston to San Diego. Since I don't have a physical problem like sleep apnea most doctors tell me to not watch tv in my room, get out of bed after 20 min, don't drink caffeine etc. I've also tried natural meds, EMDR etc. nothing was working.Dr. Schnierow is the first sleep doctor to \"think outside the box\" and give me hope that I wasn't going to live my life sleepless. He listened to my story and gave me suggestions that actually worked. Repairing years of insomnia takes time and Dr. Schnierow gives me that time and creativity. Just a side note that at my first appointment with him we got in a discussion where I became frustrated and almost didn't go back. I am so grateful that I did!! I have enjoyed every appointment since and feel like I really have someone looking out for my sleep. Plus, I was able to get in to see him in 1 week vs. 4 months for another sleep specialist in town.If you want a new approach and attitude to your sleep problems go to Dr. Schnierow."
	: "This is one of my favorite places to go because it's good Chinese food, which is rare to find in the bay area! I graduated in May but if I remember correctly, #74 (crispy noodle with chicken/beef/shrimp) and #77 (creamy corn sauce with fish) are really good. Service is pretty good too, the guy's really nice. It's cash only though.\n\nThe dishes here are worth the money because they serve a huge portion. For example, if you spent $7 on a dish, you can eat it for lunch and save it for dinner. That's a whole days worth of meals! The reason I give it 4 stars is because it's a bit too salty/greasy at times..but that's the price you pay for eating out! ha.."
	: "Rick Orr is more than a florist, he's an artist.  He did weddings for a couple friends while we lived in Champaign, and they were perfection - they stood out as zen-like natural sculpture.  Excellent place to get an unusual hostess gift, or to comemorate your anniversary *hint*."
	: "The ABC Burger was a good one and the fries were addicting however I'm glad that it didn't cost more than $10 per person.\nIt was bustling with College kids all ready for some cheap grub."
	: "I've been meaning to drop in and try their sweets.  So I've read the other reviews, and I'm not sure if the cakes are made from scratch, a box, or what, but I will say the staff working on Saturday September 12, 2009 at about 9:00 PM were friendly, attentive, and very helpful.  \nI had a red velvet brownie/cheesecake combo.......and mmmm.  My partner had a chocolate brownie, and MMMMMMMM.\n\nWe had coffee and cake and loved it.  We'll be back.  The cake prices are fairly competitive, and lots of people were coming in picking up cakes, and from what I saw they were beautiful.  Not sure how they tasted, but we'll be back and will up date more information here.\n\nThe decor is cute.  I am so glad they're here!  Their website is full of information and is also a good place to visit for more information."
	: "Oh my gosh, I am devastated. This place uses MSG?! Asian Ghetto uses MSG?! *breaks down in tears*\n\nUhm, anyway, this place was my favorite place in Asian Ghetto for the longest time because there were so many different dishes I liked:\n\n#77: Creamy corn sauce with fish fillets ... omg, to die for, just try it, I know it looks disgusting in the picture but just try it!\n\n#56, I believe, is the curry with chicken, broccoli and tofu. It isn't bad, I get it when I feel guilty for not eating vegetables for a month.\n\n#74 is the crispy noodle... that's always the bomb. Lasts 2 meals.\n\n#73 is the wide noodle stuff, I got it once but it was like half cooking oil half noodle, so never again.\n\nCombo plate is delicious and cheap, I really like it, it lets me imagine I am eating something close to a balanced meal.\n\nWARNING though... as much as I love this place, I once drank water from their dispenser and felt something brush by my teeth, and I spit out the water, looked inside and saw 3 dead bugs in it... so uhm... yeah. Might just be a rare occasion, but I never drink their water when I'm there, that's all I'll say. Regardless of that, still 4 stars. That should say something about how much I like their food! Plus, the guy is really nice to me, and it seems he is nice to everyone... so that's my experience."
	: "I actually loved the Birch Aquarium.  I could spend hours in this place if it were larger!  The place was perfect, but it's like I left and just felt short changed because they were so small.  Call me selfish on my shellfish!  LOL!  \n\nThe place is well kept, and in a very beautiful and secluded spot in San Diego.  I highly recommend it for a visit!"
	: "Absolutely the best burger in Southern California.  And the Pomme Frites are the best.  Great service.  Plan for a wait as this place is always packed.  No reservations and open seating.  Service is great.  Selection of beer and wine is great.  Truly a great gastronomical extravaganza!"
	: "come here for the shaved ice, bulgogi (SO GOOD) sandwich, and spicy chicken sandwich...you won't regret it!"
	: "My fiance visited this shop for an oil change on his 05 Tundra with a discount coupon. Although we had an appointment, we had to wait there for almost 2 hours. Anyway, it turned out that they did more than what they were supposed to do (ex. brake/engine oil, battery chemical clean up). My fiance was OK with that, since they needed to be done soon or later. It wasn't any problem until we got the truck back. It stalled 3 times in the middle of W Holcombe (before the Kirby intersection). It was an EXTREMELY scary situation because this could have caused an accident as other cars will run into his truck. Luckily speaking, he was able to pull over to a strip center immediately. We were able to drive back to the shop, and when we confronted the manager, he was like there should be NO PROBLEM!!! He let his mechanics (whoever worked on the truck) to look into it again. We waited for another 30 minutes, and according to the manager's explanation, he said that it was NO PROBLEM at all because they tested drive it again and it never stalled. Plus he believed that the computer in the truck was set in the re-training mode (WTF, they must have done something, hello, although my fiance and I were no mechanics, but we aren't stupid). Wasn't it their job in the first place to ensure that everything was fine before letting us picking the truck up??????? Without a doubt, all they care about was the MONEY, and they didn't give a crap about our safety. FYI, this was our first visit, and it will be our last as well. Note that if you care about your safety and the quality of maintenance on your vehicle. Please don't ever dare thinking about visiting My Mechanic!!!!! I honestly wish that I could give it a \"No\" star rating. There are plenty of places where you can get excellent customer service."
	: "I was REALLY disappointed!  The food was ok, but what really got me was that the hot chocolate I ordered was apparently made with instant powder...it was lukewarm and had little lumps of powder floating on the surface."
	: "The Garment District and its counterpart Dollar a pound are great places to find unique clothes. I shop there almost exclusively now for clothes because you can't get such stylish or interesting things for under $100 anymore.  Sadly everytime I go there I end up with another tailored dress from the 1950's.   I just can't resist.\n\nIt's a huge warehouse of used things where you have to hunt around for hours but when you find something you want it's usually pretty well priced. A month ago I browsed dollar a pound and found 3 high end designer skirts, 2 of which were sink so they cost almost nothing (pricing is by the pound). Just because most of the stuff in dollar a pound is gross does NOT mean that you can't find good stuff there occassionally (the items at dollar a pound are there because they either weren't nice enough to consign or because the former owners did not want to bother with it). \n\nAnyways, every since I've been in cambridge the prices there have been going up and up.  If you are used to thrift shopping somewhere else the price tags might throw you for a loop.  Don't expect to find any upstairs for less than $7.00."
	: "Pros:\nGreat rates\nClose to downtown\nLots of TV channels\nno extra charge for WiFi\nClean\nVERY nice owners\n\nCons:\nRooms are dated (but what do you expect with a very affordable motel?)\nCould sometimes hear people in other room"
	: "Interior is very clean, and feels cozy\nfood is good - not spectacular, but you can tell that it is fresh, and it's one of the nicer breakfas/brunch places in Berkeley - and huge lines are to be expected on weekends\nPrice is a bit on the pricey side for students, especially for breakfast, but it is one of the nicer breakfast places within walking distance (it is actually right across the street from campus) of the Cal campus\nThis is definitely a place that I would go if I have parents visiting from out of town - for breakfast/brunch"
	: "Previously I gave this restaurant 5 stars, but I'm bringing it down to a 4. It's gotten too pricey for us! I think it's about $11-14 for a burrito. I know their burritos are great but not *that* great. Also, their steak burritos sometimes have questionable non-meat parts in them. Mostly steak, but some fat/skin. Not a fan. Go for the chicken burrito."
	: "Some of the best pizza in town.  Try the tomato basil or sausage.  Tastes better when you eat it there and is reheated in their oven so the crust gets a bit crunchy...  But, I miss the San Vicente location."
	: "I like this cafe as a breakfast/ lunch place. Just what I want on Sunday morning - simple food, good service, nice atmosphere. \n\n4 stars for the prices. $12 for a glass of mimosa - Ouch!"
	: "I always, always, ALWAYS go here since it's a block away from my boyfriend's apartment. It's a small place, but the yogurt has improved greatly from when it first opened. The service is always friendly and willing to give free samples. 8) \n\nMy personal favorites are original tart (of course ;) ), lychee, and taro. Unfortunately they don't rotate the flavors a lot so it's mostly the same thing everytime. :(\n\nWide variety of toppings, and they even put witty names on the handle.\n\nonly 30 cents/ounce when you show your student ID!"
	: "I have to admit I am a fan of their red velvet cupcakes.  They are a bit heavy and their frosting is a bit sweet but I will happily devour them on any day.  Some of their other cupcakes are hit or miss. Depending on what you get, they can be dry or overly sweet but usually I just stick to their red velvet. I just wish they weren't so expensive."
	: "Went here after a choral performance...so did the other choristers!  It's DARK inside, but it adds to the ambiance.  Food was tasty pub grub (and they do use Calder Dairy Sour Cream...is it wrong that I want to eat that with a spoon?) but a little pricey.  I can see why people make this their \"backup\" spot..."
	: "What can I share that hasn't already been shared? We all know that they've got the best movies. It's in a great area. It's small but never as busy as those other mainstream theaters. But my favorite thing of all is the FRESH POPPED POPCORN!!!! I hate the pre- bagged stale crap you pay $9 for at the other theaters. \nI would've given this place one last star if the floor wasn't all sticky in the theater and it had the stadium seating. Comfort is key."
	: "The line can be tediously long but Joe is a pleasant experience overall. Some nights there is a quartet playing classical music. The acoustic is perfect. Don't forget to have the salty chocolate chip cookies, they are a delicious threat."
	: "Beef Pepperoni OH YEAH"
	: "Have you ever had a love/hate relationship? Outside of college?\nWell, this is mine. Here's why:\n\nThe food is great, never had a bad meal. Their pizza is the best I've ever eaten, hands down. Their buffalo quesadilla is awesome, and I love their burgers and wraps. I'm also a fan of the bartenders and servers.\n\nWhat I can't figure out is how they get away with charging so much for beer and food. Almost $5 for a pint of beer, while Cuban Revolution only charges $3. Shame on you, Spats. Also, $13 for a pizza? C'mon. \n\nI'd break up with you, Spats, but I just can't distance myself from the great food, service, and multitude of flat screens."
	: "Their hours on the UPS website are always wrong. Do not plan to come here after work. I wouldn't trust them to be open past 5 pm Monday-Friday and definitely not at all on Saturday. I have called for their hours before and those were inaccurate as well (less than 2 months later)."
	: "What happened to the food????\n\nI used to go a ton to Blakes for the food...which was excellent...but the menu has changed and the quality has PLUMMETED. What has happened? My boyfriend's hamburger (ordered as medium rare) was overcooked, the ice tea had a sulfer flavor, they used to have a fantastic portobello sandwhich and this new one was truely uninspired. I'm very disppointed as Blakes food used to be excellent."
	: "When the melodies of Arabic music swirl through your head and the desire comes over you to dance with transparent veils and cymbals on your fingers then this is the store to glide towards. \nOutfits, shoes, dancing supplies for more than just Middle Eastern Dance and people who will take the time to help you find just the right costume.  \nBrowse through someday and dream about those Arabian Nights!"
	: "Coco's Cafe is a spot to go to if you want a wide variety of Asian food with the option to order your favorite boba drinks, all for a reasonable price. The food here is decent, nothing spectacular, but it's more for convenience and quick comfort food.\n\nThe Peppercorn Chicken with rice has become a favorite among my friends and I. The crispy fried chicken pairs really great with peppers and surprisingly, the dish overall is not really that spicy. As for the Curry Chicken, it was kind of soupy and the chicken was lost in the dish. A plus would be the huge chunks of potatoes and carrots. The Green Onion pie is a great snack to take to go, put sometimes it can be oily. The Sa Cha Beef Lo Mein was decent but I felt it lacked some of the bold flavors I was expecting. \n\nPepper Corn Chicken - 3.5/5\nCurry Chicken - 2/5\nSa Cha Beef Lo Mein - 2.5/5\nGreen Onion Pie - 3/5 \n\nThe free soup they have here is a great deal, simple but very appetizing. As for the drinks, I like it a lot here. The selection is great and the service is quick. The strawberry-mango smoothie I tried was amazing, it had the right texture and consistency."
	: "Blimpy Burger is simply a classic Ann Arbor kind of place.  Anyone that goes to U of M or is visiting Ann Arbor had to go to Blimpy.  The burgers are absolutely amazing and very unique.  Here, a single patty is only about half the size of our standard burger patty, so when you order a triple or quad you definitely don't have to feel out of place.  My personal favorite is a triple (or quad if I'm extra hungry) with bacon and egg!  Make sure you either know how to order or read the chalkboard on how to beforehand or else the cook will probably snap at you...it's just the character of the place. I love it here!"
	: "New contender for fastest lunch at UCLA. These rice bowls aren't memorable or healthy, but Yoshinoya is gourmet dining compared to most of the options on campus. \n\nTip: Ask for extra beef juice. Your rice will taste extra delicious."
	: "I went back because I was hungry in the basement of Evans and I wasn't in the mood for Top Dog. This time I around I knew what I was doing so ordering was a little easier. Also, after my first review, the owner e-mailed me and apologized about the staff issue. I did appreciate the gesture so that kind of gave them a bonus in my opinion too.\n\nStill, a four is what they get because of their prices. It's pretty average for restaurants near campus and they are pretty generous with the food portions. However, it's not something you might want to stop by at more than twice every three weeks (maybe that's just the broke college student in me)."
	: "Mandarin House is awful. I would go here and keep trying to give it another shot, but as someone else said, it's not authentic, healthy, or even good. I would try to give specific dishes, but it's just as true to tell you that I've had many different things here and they're all just really bad.\n\nThe last straw for me is when I ordered szeshwan chicken and was served sesame chicken and she refused to remake my dish.\n\nI reserve this for when I have the unusual craving for the worse Chinese I can possibly find. But even after I eat it, I'm dissatisfied because it's worse than I expected."
	: "Well darn it all. My aeons old review of my standby has disappeared. Alas, time for a rewrite.\n\nSo MK is conveniently located in 1 Kendall Square, thus making it the ideal spot for a harried suit, admin, or nearby resident to run in for a quick trim, shave (gents), blow dry, or wax (ladies).  They do a great job with eyebrows though I will say - if you're not a wax veteran don't stop by. The woman here does a fantastic job but they are ROUGH.  If your skin isn't used to it, you'll be RED RED RED.\n\nStill - I've recommended this place to yelpers in a bind before and always gotten great feedback.\n\nOh - one more note, cash or check only. Leave your plastic at home."
	: "i've tried alot of fro-yo, from berkeley to seattle, I think this has the best original fro-yo. It doesn't have other flavors like it's counterparts but the original has the special tangy taste that mimics the yogurt drinks very well. \n\nSo far I haven't found any other place that has a better tangy taste.\n\nOther reviewers has mentioned that the guy working there is stingy and bias. Yes its true, he gives me the same feelings. He acts like he's counting how much fruit he is putting in your cup. But he has hired someone new and she's very nice. Hopefully she'll be working when you get there. haha"
	: "This review is strictly for the manicurist hired by Adolf Biecker.  I love their haircuts, but when I got a manicure and pedicure I was appalled.  I am a highly forgiving person when it comes to mani pedi's, but this one was insulting.  The quality of the nail polish was very weak (streaky, uneven, thin despite 3 coats) and I had to ask to get the dirt taken out from under my nails.  Even still, I asked if I could give it a go myself since none of the dirt was removed and it was still visible through the polish (and I don't have especially dirty nails, I promise).  \n\nI am writing this review to advise people not to make the same mistake I did.  I felt so ripped off and shocked that Adolf Biecker would hire someone whose commitment to quality was nonexistent."
	: "Stopped over here for coffee one morning with my husband on a recent trip to SLO.  Really good quality coffee, cool art, and friendly service.  We chatted with the barista about the gallery, and she was very upbeat and knowledgeable.  I wish we had a place like where we live!"
	: "i'm a gal that likes her meat. a lot. bloody, juicy, medium-rare to rare meat. the less PC, the better. lamb, love it. veal, delicious. sorry PETA, meat is yummy, and i eat what tastes good. i tried to be vegetarian for a while because my best friend in high school was, but that lasted a solid three months before i started cheating. with bacon cheeseburgers. \n\nthusly, a place like gather, known for its vegetarian, nay, vegan fare, was somewhere i expected to enjoy more for say, their libations. however, gather is not at all what i expected - a polished 1-2 punch of cafeteria-style dining plus bar with a menu that includes minimal lentils and leans more towards fresh, seasonal dishes that most would call \"california cuisine,\" and i call \"just plain delicious.\" the vegan charcuterie platter lives up to its reputation as an artistic and appetizing sampling of vegetables, herbs, and nuts. while gather does have some vegan options that would scare a carnivore like myself (\"cheese\" made of cashews and leeks? no thanks), there is also homemade porchetta (pork wrapped in pork belly, 'nuff said). \n\ni may never be a convert to the vegetarian revolution (bacon is too damn yummy!), but i applaud gather for their inventive preparations and creative combinations of flavor, which ensured that i didn't miss the meat at all.\n\nPS - the bar fully keeps up with the kitchen as far as imagination goes; my favorite concoction was the bee sting, a slurp-able combo of square one botanical, lemon, fresh mint, ginger, and honey syrup (but be wise; don't slurp and drive)."
	: "I wasn't wowed... I have been to this particular location a lot. It wasn't a bad dish.. but it wasn't great either. I had the baked stuffed lobster (medium). It was basically all bread crumbs. Usually you guys do a great job. But lately you haven't been so great."
	: "This place is AWESOME!\n\nWhen my friend and I decided to explore Urbana, we really had little to no expectations as we had always considered Urbana kind of a ghost town.  When venturing around Lincoln Square Mall, we came upon this neat little shop with a wide array of unique kitchenware and ingredients you'd be hard pressed to find in even the most metropolis of cities, office supplies, clothing, jewelery, toys, miscellaneous (yet AWESOME) gift items, fresh cookies(!!!), just really really neat stuff!\n\nWe probably spent more than an hour looking at each and every little item in the store, and imagined how we would furnish our home with it.  \n\nThis is one place I would recommend everyone check out at least once in their college career.  I don't know how else to explain it other than... AWESOME!"
	: "Thieves, Liars, I would rather eat dog shit than to ever rent from this property management company! They don't even deserve one star. I was placed in an apartment that was infested with Roaches, had crackhead neighbors upstairs that never slept (therefore I didn't get much sleep), was attacked by said crackheads, my window busted out by neighbor children, had a constant ceiling leak from the neighbors above me with black mold. Never once did they address any of the issues with this place, basically told me everything was my problem and they weren't responsible. Then sent me a letter after my move out date saying I owed them $500 for an air filter, a small stain on the carpet, and screens that were never on my windows to begin with? They will NEVER see that money."
	: "Restaurant:  Absolutely horrible service.  When we spoke to the manager, instead of listening he yelled at our family.  The customer deserves to be treated much, much better at these prices."
	: "Look, everyone knows Characters deserves NO STARS, but that ignores how great it is to feel like you're on Cheers!  Really!  Like you're in the middle of a stage set that's built to resemble only those parts of a bar that are going to appear on camera, leaving whole swaths of it empty.  That mediocrity of this level even exists -- thrives, even -- is truly something to stop and take notice of.  \n\nHow you do it, Character's, I don't know, but no one else could.  On some level, I salute you."
	: "My friend read great reviews about this restaurant on Yelp so we decided to check it out on a Friday evening. We made a reservation and arrived on time, however, the hostess had us wait a while before she sat us. We were running on a tight schedule so that's why we figured a reservation would keep us on track. The place was not busy so I'm not sure what the hold up was.\n\nI ordered chicken breast stuffed with cheese, mushroom, and spinach and my friend ordered a skirt teak with chimichurri. I really enjoyed my dish, lots of flavor and a satisfying portion. I tasted my friend's steak and I liked it but it does not compare to my uncles cooking. He's from Argentina and invites me over for churrascos all the time. For dessert we ordered a crepe filled with dulce de leche, that was pretty darn delicious.\n\nThe staff was super friendly, our waiter was a pleasure and very attentive. I had a great dining experience. Dinner was a bit on the pricey side but the quality is good."
	: "I really like this place. I've heard its owned by the same people who own Daisy Mint. If that's true, then I guess that explains why I like their food so much. For those of you who haven't gone there, that's a great Thai place. Probably my favorite Thai place in Pasadena.\n\nBut I digress. \nAbricott is a great place. It's sort of like one of those quaint places that you find and you like to take your friends there just to have a great bite to eat. It's not a super fancy place and it can remind you of a library with all the books around, but I think that adds character to the place.\n\nI've had the Pho and the Pork Belly Sandwich. The pho is not cheap at $10 when compared to other places like Golden Deli and Pho 79, but I think it's definitely higher quality than those places. The meat is especially tender and delicious.\n\nThe pork belly sandwich tastes so delicious that it's probably not good for you. If you're having a cholesterol test tomorrow, I'd recommend not getting this. Definitely come back to eat it after your test.\n\nAll in all, I really like this place and I can't wait to come back!"
	: "Been here THREE times. Tony is the BEST WAITER. Kelly is good TOO!\n\nRecommended COURSE: SPINACH ARTICHOKE. MELTING POT house salad. French quarter or pacific rim. FLAMING TURTLE.\n\nOut of Court Bouillon, Mojo, and Coq Au Vin, I prefer COURT BOUILLON the most.\n\nBill comes out to be $90 to $120. EXTREMELY romantic. For reservation, request for seating in LOVER's LANE. \n\nPark in the Marriott bottom floor for that FREE 3 HOUR PARKING (make sure to let your waiter/waitress validate your parking).\n\nThey do not serve BREAKFAST or LUNCH. Would COME AGAIN. FONDUE style means essentially dipping your FOOD into a steaming pot with various ingredients."
	: "I've been shopping at stanford many times, but it was only recently that i stumbled upon Flemings. Its right behing Bloomingdales. Its a pretty small place. Its very dark inside, but it set a very quiet and romantic ambiance. TO start off the bring a plate of crispy fried baguette slices with 2 different cheese as spread. I order the smaller portion of the: filet and fleming potatoes.($28.00). And when they mean smaller, it really is alot smaller. But it was still good enough for me. THe fleming potatoes was literally 2inx1inx.5in. it was basically a sliver of the regular order. haha. The filet mignon was very tender and flavorful. I didnt see anythign special abotu the steak though. It reminded me alot of texas roundhouse. A little bit on the salty side, and i could REALLY taste the pepper (im a pepper lover so i was happy). We also had the prefixed winter meal. \nIt was a filet mignon: same as my order-it had alot of chopped up onion, mushrooms and bacon to top it off. i think it made it even saltier\ncaesar- its ard to mess up on a salad, i was satisfied\nparmesan mashed potatoes: very tasty, but they mix in MORE butter, i almost had a heart attack. \nthen the meal also came with cookiesand milk. I didnt have anymore room for dessert, so this was very satisying.\n\nthe service was decent. I think our waitress was more interested in teh older women who were ordering botles of wine. im not a big wine-o. its just another incident of ageism. booo! I wish i coudlve given the tip to the busboys who were very attentive, nice, and helpful. \n\nIt was a decent steak restaurant. But i'd rather save money and go to Texas roadhouse in union city or go to Ruth Chris' and get my moneys worth. This place made me crave Ruth Chris'. MMMMMmmmmm!!!! The staff as a whole were very nice. At the end of the meal they gave me a little box with chocolate dipped strawberries and card from the staff saying thank you and happy anniversary. Very nice touch!"
	: "I'm shocked to see all the negative reviews for this place. When my parents are in town, this is THE spot we hit up for some authentic chinese food. Beware, do not ever order from their normal american menu. They have a special menu in chinese with their real specialties. \n\nThe food is soooo good and reminds me of home cooking with more emphasis on taiwanese style than i'm used to, but still delicious! My favorites are their \"sha guo\", sorta like hot pot style, but its all ready for you to eat. Sushi here is decent and cheap, but i wouldnt make a meal of just sushi. Drinks priced reasonably, and you can even order a glass of champagne!\n\nFor college park, this place definitely makes my top 3"
	: "Looking for a spot to grab a bite, fire up my laptop and catch a few games before heading out of town, I stumbled upon Marlow's Tavern shortly after checking out of my hotel, \n\nThe setup worked for me; spacious and clean yet still a bit cozy. I was quickly greeted and escorted to a booth where I was promptly approached by Corey, my awesome server. He was attentive, pleasant and friendly without being overbearing or disruptive. I swear, I must have drank an entire liter of Diet Coke thanks to Corey, Whenever my Diet Coke was even running relatively low, I would turn around and Corey had already replaced it with a fresh one. \n\nI ordered the two mini sliders from the Kid's Menu and a side of parmesan truffle fries and within 15 minutes or so, these bad boys were placed directly in front of me. \n\nThe fries were so insanely delicious that I felt my eyes cross after tasting the first one. I know that may not sound very sexy, but think of it as a very mild food orgasm. Just, with crossed eyes, instead of curled toes.\n\nI was also really pleased to find that the mini burgers were small, but still hefty enough to completely fill me up. \n\nI guess everything *is* bigger in the south!"
	: "After walking around in MIT we went to dinner at The Middle East Restaurant.  It's seems connected to ZuZu though I didn't ask about it.\n\nThere's a bar area that people were drinking at and one guy was eating some dolmas though looked good.\n\nWe got:\nFREE pita - tasted store bought & brought in a bag -cold\nbowl of lentil soup - tasty\nbaba ganoush - I liked it \nhusband got a lamb shank - he said pretty good\n\nMeal was like $20+, so a cheap meal for Cambridge, MA.\n\nRecommended, though I can be Loud in there with loud music & high ceiling."
	: "This is a great place to get your hair cut.  The staff here are very friendly and helpful.  They also give you a free coffee, tea, or beverage while you wait.\n\nIt can be a tad pricey, but you get what you pay for."
	: "It's the In-n-Out of ice cream sandwiches. Cheap and it hits the spot. I wouldn't drive across LA for it. But a pit stop if you're passing through Westwood? That's reasonable."
	: "I had the fried shrimp tacos and they were wonderful and a bargain at the price. Our waiter was Titus and he was very attentive and professional. Expensive margarita however they were good and strong. A very enjoyable experience and I'll definitely go again."
	: "I'm only giving this place one star because I cannot give it zero.\n\nThe service at this restaurant is absolutely abominable, and the food is not even good to make up for it. I have been here twice and received horrible treatment each time. The first time I asked for sriracha sauce and the waitress told me that they didn't have any, even though sriracha fried rice is clearly on the advertising boards. When we asked for lemons and straws, my friends and I were given disparaging looks as if we had asked for squid ink and caviar.\n\nTonight, I found a fly in my water and reported it to the waitresses, expecting some sort of re-compensation, but the waitresses did not even apologize. Instead, they brought me another glass of water. I start going back up to them, and before I even open my mouth, the waitress glares at me and spits out, \"No.\" Shocked, I ask, \"excuse me?\" and she replies impatiently, \"You're not getting a discount.\" I was indignant; I have never received such disrespectful service before in my life. I tell her reasonably that under normal circumstances, restaurants would provide free compensation just for any sort of foreign object, and that all I was asking for was a 30% discount. The waitress insisted that I do not deserve any sort of discount because \"It was not a fly, it was just a little bug.\" \n\nI ask to speak to the manager, the girl says that the manager would not come out to see me, and that I could take a 10% discount or that she would call the police. Two minutes later, she changes her story and tells me that the manager is not there. Seeing that I was getting nowhere, I take the 10% discount and tell my friends that we are not paying any tip.\n\nWe get our checks and see that they've charged us an 18% gratuity for \"parties of 5 and up.\"\n\nSave yourselves the frustration and do not go to this restaurant. The waitresses and the management there do not deserve your business."
	: "I visited Pasadena for the first time and tried looking for places to eat.. I was hungry and didnt really want to be adventurous so my first meal in Pasadena was Panda Express. The food was good, the employees are nice, and they pack your to-go container with loads of food. The place is bigger than other Panda locations that I've been to so people are not bunched into one little room. I thought it was interesting that they sell beer.. the only place I've seen a Panda Express w/ beer was in Vegas. Parking is plentiful, but can be difficult during lunch time since the whole lot is shared by a handful of other stores."
	: "I have mixed feeling about this place.  As somebody who has lived in Japan for some time I like that the variety of authentic Japanese teas and specific food items.  On the other hand most of their sushi menu obviously caters to the local crowd of people who think that Ann Arbor is part of the civilized world.  Bland and boring to say the least, but the commoners will probably like it (if you've ever ordered a California Roll then I'm talking to you).  I personally don't get sushi here, I come for the freshly made ichigo daifuku (a dessert of rice paste enclosing a glob of sweet bean paste and a strawberry); they're orgasmic.  They best I ever had were in Hokkaido, but the ones here are easily comparable to those I could get in Tokyo or Boston.  \n\nThe people here are really great (friendly, helpful, informed, etc.) and most (perhaps all) of the staff speak Japanese which is nice for me too.  The decor is strange.  Most of it is very starched and plain -- uncomfortably white and hospital-like.  But then it is combined with an authentic Japanese garden fountain and the bamboo highlighted booth-like seats and such.  I've been there for lunch a few times and it was okay, I really recommend it for tea and daifuku.  \n\nI also really appreciate them being open until 8:00PM on Christmas Eve, everything else was closed at 6:00 and I wanted to get some work done in a cafe like I always do. But that's not enough to merit an extra star considering the infrequency of its relevance."
	: "I found out that this place recently remodeled so I tried it today.  Normally, I go to the one in Stanford.  I really like what they did with the place. It's very relaxing and pretty.\n\nI had a massage with Dorothy.  I gotta say that she worked wonders with knots.  She has really strong good hands and adjusted pressure as I requested."
	: "I  think this place is a hoot!  I picture the old Harvard guys going out Teddy Roosevelt style and bagging all of these exotic animals and somehow getting them back to Oxford St.  The shabbiness of the animals, old glass and wood cases and overall atmosphere add to it's charm.  I thought my young nephew would love it, but think it may be too low tech for many kids."
	: "I have only been here for dinner, I have never had the buffet.  All of my experiences have been positive so far.\n\nI usually order the coconut curry chicken with the basil and garlic naan bread - it's AMAZING.  The rice is seasoned with fresh ingredients; last time, the rice even had whole cinammon sticks in it!  \n\nI would eat here more often if it weren't so expensive.  However, if you are a UT student, there is usually a coupon on the web for a buy one entree and get the second half off...that way the prices are more reasonable as long as you bring a friend/date.\n\nGET THIS - last time I went, I accidently left my credit card with the bill.  The waitress was kind enough to come running after me (yes, she even crossed Guadalupe during rush hour) to stop me and return the card before I got into my car!!!  Extra karma points for her."
	: "Looks like someone needs to set the record straight on the Press. Its a classy joint with an eclectic crowd ranging from local college professors, students, blacks, whites and the occasional bro entourage wandering in from Rancho/Upland (and their numbers are definitely increasing, I'm guessing a few of the negative reviewers may be of this persuasion).\n\nI should say also though I've frequented the Press with regularity now for a few years, its always been a night spot. For the majority of its patrons, the Press is a bar that happens to serve food. \n\nFor this reason I suppose I can't say much to the negative reviews about the service. I just have never gone in there wanting or expecting a welcome wagon when I walk in the door nor a big corporate lapdog of a server. The Press is old school, the servers allow you the space to enjoy your meal and company without rushing. \n\nI will agree with those who have complained about the door, as they have had some atrociously dim and rude doormen in the past. Whatever, isn't that what a doorman is, a professional douche?\n\nNow on to the food and drink. Like most Claremont stops neither are what you would call cheap, though if you are more of a beer or wine person you don't have to spend much (especially on 1/2 priced wine bottle wedensdays). They always have a Dale Brothers or two tap which is great and a respectable though pretty standard selection otherwise. The food is good, with the majority of the choices being lite and fresh. I just had the Mahi Mahi tacos last night and they were great albeit admittedly a little dry, but the salsa took care of that.\n\nIt also hosts live music many nights out of the week, in my opinion its biggest weakness, as the majority of the local acts are pretty bad. \n\nUntil the emergence of the Hip-Kitty, the Abbey, and some of the newer places in Pomona, The Press really was an oasis amidst the dessert in terms of its uniqueness in the bar scene. So to all of you complaining about the \"pseudo-intellectual\" crowd (because it makes sense to call grad students psuedo intellectual), you know the High-Brow is just up the street and they're probably wandering where you are."
	: "The B Scene at The Blanton Museum is a must-do activity. I  am a  member and miss the monthly  schedule.  Now that B-Scene is offered every other month, I supplement by attending many of the members-only events. As a member, I visit the facility to be surrounded by the beauty and to enjoy the Cafe-Bookstore.  \n\nToday Sept 25 2010  is  Free Museum Day Event across America - go to Smithsonian Magazine Museum Day  website  to download a ticket. http://bit.ly/aeBxxE"
	: "This is the only place in Texas that carries the Floris of London line of gentlemen toiletries.   Nice people, lots of stuff.. will be back again."
	: "I love this place. Whenever my family has a special occasion, we jump in the van and head for fondue. The fondue is simply the best in the area. How can you not have a good time with laughing conversations with family and friends over bubbling cheese pots (and meatball pots, seriously, try the meatball pot!) As much as I love the food, and I really really love the food, the service has me coming back just as much. The owner lady feels like my middle eastern mom that wants me to eat more bread and potatoes. She also wants to send me home with my empty coke bottle filled with her mustard salad dressing that I can't get enough of, true story. I love this place, and if you love fondue, you really need to give it a try."
	: "This place is great for those trips were modern and trendy are not a factor. Now I'm not speaking badly of this place, but if you're looking for a young hip establishment this isn't for you. \n\nThis is most often used for families that are moving their kids into UCLA. However, I stayed here with family while they were volunteering at the Tennis Classic being held at UCLA. They have a small underground parking garage which can fill up quickly. At which point you need to find street parking that is metered. There is a bus line one street over and is very close to local shops and tons of restaurants! The nightlife is full of college students so if that is also not your thing, then that's something to consider. \n\nThey offer complimentary breakfast which includes an assortment of fresh fruit, muffins, pastries, dry cereals, coffee, and juices. \n\nThe staff are all quite pleasant and helpful and ready to assist with direction or suggestions.\n\nThey also have a room with Internet access that contains 2 computers. \n\nThis place was more affordable than booking a hotel. Oh and one final note... My sister had received flowers from a friend that she placed in a paper cup in the bathroom. After maid service we noticed they had placed them in a glass vase for her. One of those nice unexpected touches that makes you feel appreciated."
	: "Stop putting so much mayonnaise on your sandwiches. \n\n\nSeriously: turkey doesn't naturally bathe in mayo during thanksgiving, why should it be drowned it in for the rest of the year?"
	: "This place is \"tha bomb\"!  Seriously, I have been yearning for a proper Ann Arbor cafe, and this place fits the bill.  The owner has worked in the biz for years so this is definitely not one of those flaky \"wouldn't it be cute to open our own cafe kind of places.\"  No air pots filled with stale coffee.  It's all made to order.  They have both espresso and \"drip\" coffee, ground fresh and using a manual pour over method.  Today when I stopped in they had 4 different varieties to choose from.  I went with an espresso drink: a Macchiato to be precise.  It was outstanding!\nForget those corporate coffee joints with their \"grande\" mumbo jumbo and frouffy frozen coffee drinks (you know who you are) and support a local cafe that takes their coffee seriously!"
	: "FOOD REVIEW (NOT DANCING)\n\nThe Globe rated Middlesex's burger one of the best burgers in town last year.  Apparently it's on a ciabatta roll and it's off the hook.  It's the place's main attraction besides the DJ/dance club atmosphere they have nightly.\n\nWent the other day and you know what?  This ciabatta roll burger was off the hook and was one of the best I've ever had.  I'm not even kidding.\n\nThis place smells of beer and sweaty dancing...But I'll tell you that they serve a mean burger.  It's cheap - only $9 and it comes with chips.  Too bad they don't do the roasted potatoes that Miracle of Science does (they actually share a basement kitchen, FYI).\n\nI'll be back for more burgers.  And possibly some dancing late night."
	: "Past here was mushy and the sauce tasted straight of out of can.  I had penne with meat sauce.  If you want something fast, then maybe eat here, but I would suggest skipping."
	: "Stopped in for lunch with fears that I'd be here longer than my lunch break would allow. I was pleasantly surprised though that I was in and out the door in less than 30 mins (12:10ish - 12:30) even with the dining room fairly crowded. The combination bento box, although slightly pricey at $13, was really tasty. Although others complained of poor service, my waitress was very attentive and even the sushi chef stopped by to ask how things were."
	: "Try her Banana Bread! Holy shizzle. Girl can cook. She's a little sassy which is fun. Overall the best experience possible!"
	: "Bad! Worst dining experience!\n\nWe had a reservation for my girlfriends birthday party for 15 people. The guest arrived at our reserved time of 7:30 and there were still people at our table. They said we had to wait until they were done eating before we could sit down and did not offer another table. We had to be forcefull to get another table when it was almost 8:00pm. After we had sat down they waited 20 minutes before they even took our drink order.\n\nWe asked an employee about speeding up ordering and dinner and he said he would get someone. A waiter walked over and asked us if we needed a table ( even though we literally just stood up from one 10 feet away from him). We told him we asked to speak to a manager and he said \"oh just bothering the sushi chef huh? Great\" \n\nWe proceeded to walk out. All 15 of us and not one person tried to stop us or ask what was going on. Needless to say I will never go there again."
	: "What a beautiful park!  Gotta love the changing leaves in the fall!  You can go down the path for a nice, romantic stroll-I think it looks lovelier than the promenade, actually.  Climb on top of the ledge for a nice photo opp, and throw some leaves in the air to make it look like the movies.\n\nOn your path you'll see several cute playgrounds-with seesaws, a big red cased swing (I tried it, it's mostly for kids but it worked out), elephant seats, slides, and a very interesting sand castle-like sand pit.  There's also a huge basketball court we walked by, where we saw families bonding over shooting hoops (super cute!).\n\nGotta love mother nature, WORD."
	: "Holy crap their customer service is bad. I've been to this location dozens of times and I'm pretty sure they have either screwed up our order or left something out every time. The only reason I go back is because the food is good, but always check your bag because they never put any condiments, napkins or utensils. They often give you the wrong drink too if your going through the drive thru. Such a hassle!"
	: "Going in, I knew wagamama was an informal, chain restaurant so I've rated it as such.\n\nAll of our food was good - not the best asian noodles ever, but good, especially considering the wide selection.  \n\nWe had the edamame with garlic salt and chili, #36(?) coconut soup with chicken, #44 or 47 - the ginger chicken noodles, and ended with coconut ice cream and coffee for dessert.  Also tried the fresh squeezed juice and a glass of wine.  \n\nOverall, the atmosphere (casual, super clean) and the selection will bring us back!"
	: "After reading a review, I want to try the fleur de sel cupcake but for now, if you love a creamy, buttery, rich frosting, try the vanilla!  It's my favorite!  It's so good that I savor it and take...10 minutes to eat the frosting!\nThe place is appealing from the outside with the bright pink colors and simplicity.  I appreciate that they purchase their ingredients from local vendors. \n As far as the price goes, if you're going to a place that only sells cupcakes and coffee, don't be surprised or complain at the prices.  Just go home and make them yourself."
	: "One of the few bars, seemingly, in America where people can smoke inside.  It's a fun place - darts and KARAOKE!  Just be warned that this place can get smokey.  Not a place to hang all night... stop in a grab a beer before hitting other places on Ellsworth."
	: "Okay Yelp, I've never asked for this before, but may I please have more than 5 stars?  Yes, it was that great!  From start to finish...service, to food, even price point...I can't imagine it getting any better than this!\n\n   My sister had found a deal for Il Palio of 3 courses including a bottle of wine for $59.99 per COUPLE.  Their regular price for their 3-course menu is $39.99 per person with no wine.  So, quite a deal!  We made reservations and showed up tonight (Saturday night) for our 6:30 reservations to a relatively empty dining room with servers standing around. (note: it got busy soon thereafter).\n\n  We were offered tap or bottled water (we chose tap, with no snooty reaction when that was our choice), and served an amuse bouche before we knew it. It was a wonderful smoked trout with beans bruschetta.  Delicious.  Between the four of us (one drank beer...he was the designated driver), we ordered a bottle of red and a bottle of white.  With our deal we had a choice of 3 whites and 3 reds. We went with the chardonnay and the cabernet.  The wine guy here is awesome!  Friendly, and well, perfect service! I LOVED that he gave each of us wine drinkers a glass for the red and a glass for the white and served them at the same time, so WE could choose what went best with which foods.  He presented wine the \"proper\" way without it feeling stuffy and pretentious.  Truly memorable! And we liked both of them very much.\n\n    We were brought two kinds of bread with a pea puree/pesto type spread that was light and delicious, topped off with a nice quality olive oil.  Both breads were excellent...one of which was a sundried tomato focaccia...  the other was just a good basic bread that was probably my favorite.\n\n    For our deal menu, we had our choice between three first courses, four seconds, and two desserts.  We two gals went with the blue crab ravioli, the stuffed trout, and the peach daiquiri dessert.  Guys went with the bolognese tagliatelle and, the steak dish, and the panna cotta dessert.\n\n   I wish their website was working tonight (it hasn't been working all day), or I would quote accurate descriptions of these amazing dishes, but let me just say that they were all PERFECT, fresh, and amazing!  I have had trout at The Mint in Raleigh that was flat-out awful.  This trout was unbelievably good! It was stuffed with spinach and onions and fontina and cooked to perfection. The white asparagus with it was just the right texture with a nice tangy balsamic that went so well with the rich fish.  I've never cared for fish skin before but this was crispy and beyond delicious.  I tell you, this chef needs to go on Chopped or Iron Chef, and please let me be a judge!  I could go on and on, but I wasn't the only one happy. We ALL were.  The bolognese was full of flavor and the homemade pasta was cooked perfectly al dente..loved the little spice kick to it. Ravioli with fava beans...rich and a very generous serving...the tomatoes in the dish were the perfect sweet/acidic addition.  Guys LOVED their steaks. I managed to steal a tiny taste before I was almost stabbed with a fork (just kidding).  It was GREAT.  They all raved about the mushrooms (I don't do mushrooms, so I can't relate), and the side dish was a green creamy delicious treat that I cannot properly describe nor properly name.\n\n    Coffee...excellent.  Dessert...again, very good. The peach one was a little parfait glass layered with creamy, fruity goodness, served next to a \"rum baba\".  Uh, what?  It was a small dinner roll that had supposedly been soaked in rum? It wasn't overpowering though, so all I know was, it was good cut up and put in the dish with the creamy fruit.  The panna cotta with blueberry sauce was also good, with a crunchy cookie type topping.\n\n   Now, not only was service excellent, but we never even had to show our discount \"postcard\".  The discount was taken off our bill automatically.  Even with a more than twenty percent tip that we happily paid, this dinner was well under $100 for two.  \n\n    We will not only be back, but will continue to rave about this meal for a long time!"
	: "They are very efficient and quick.  They have a yummy menu and daily specials.  AND they're only $5 for a really filling lunch!  \n\nHappy happy belly.  Happy happy wallet."
	: "I stopped in for a quick bite and a brew and was not disappointed.  They have about 20 or so drafts on tap and a laundry list of great beers in a bottle.  When I say great beers, I am talking about often hard to find microbrews from across the country.  I had a spicy lamb burger with fries with my beer and it was gone in seconds.  Delicious."
	: "This place isn't all that it thinks it's cracked up to be.  Yes, it's true that I couldn't find the Peter Himmelman album I was looking for, but yeah, I'll admit it has a good selection.  But it doesn't have to advertise that it has \"the best selection in Berkeley\" when it's 1/2 a block away from another record store (you all know which one I'm talking about) that is roughly identical in most ways.  Second, what is the point of the 11% student discount?  Are you trying to one-up the \"other\" record shop, which offers a measly 10% discount (but slightly better prices)?\n\nThis place is such like the 3rd grade bully who thinks he's bigger and smarter than everyone else, except that it's an inanimate object bullying another inanimate object.  wtf."
	: "The Press is a quant and delightful restaurant located 20 feet past a bar filled with Claremont College potential hypsters and what passes for Inland Empire Trust Fund Babies. Once you are past the bar you enter the Press. It's fair food, a mixture of organic, fresh made and few take home leftovers due to the abundance of classic comfort foods with a hearty twist.\n\nJust remember it's just past the douche bags at the bar."
	: "Despite what others write, Dr. king did one hell of a surgury on my knee. Had a torn acl and its been 6 months and Im almost at 80% to fully recovering. And that's even after I ditched out of PT after 3 weeks. Dr king is nit there to butter things up for you. very blunt and direct about the diagnosis which is how'all Dr should be. This is my 3rd acl, but first with King. My prior acls took longer to just get me where I'm at after 6 Months\nThank you Dr King"
	: "This place does not need a long review.  Get in line (it moves fast), order a tri-tip sandwich, a basket of fries, a side of ranch, and an extra side of barbecue sauce.  DO NOT skip the tri-tip sandwich.  I seriously believe that it might be the best beef sandwich in the world...yes, the world.  I want one right now."
	: "Went right when they opened and have to say that this was a huge disappointment.\n\nThe sushi wasn't that fresh and the pieces waaaay tooo big. Also the rice wasn't marinated - perhaps some of their hot dishes are better, but the sushi definitely not on par with average sushi in USA.\n\nI went together with a friend who recently returned to US after living in Japan and she didn't even bother finishing her sushi menu (she said it just is not edible). I have myself lived in Japan and do have to say this was below my expectations of how poor sushi can get."
	: "If you dare, venture off the chili side of the menu and try out their \"Grilled Chicken Club.\"  It's one of the best sandwiches of any kind I've ever had anywhere!  I've gotten several Chili Parlor regulars to try it for the first time and they have all agreed that it's amazingly good.  The triple decker bread is always toasted just right, the grilled chicken breast is always tender and juicy, the bacon always crispy, the cheese tasty, and the lettuce, tomato, and mayonnaise fresh and delicious!  This sandwich basically is a work of art.  And the TCP cooks are very consistent in the way they make it, so you never have to worry about getting a bad one.  Try it.  You'll LOVE it."
	: "This rating is based on the breakfast alone.  Lunch and dinner are pretty solid, but the breakfast needs a tune-up.  If you're going to be open in the morning, you might as well do it right.  \n\nBreakfast potatoes were dried out and puny...pretty sure they were from the day before.  The eggs and bacon weren't incredibly warm, which I'm not sure how they managed to do since I'm pretty sure they cooked it.  The migas were tasty, but the breakfast burritos were small and really greasy.  They were only $2.50 each, but I still expect a little more in the flavor department.  Kind of expensive overall for breakfast.  Coffee is really good though.  Pancake sandwich is probably the best bet here, pretty delicious, but get the syrup on the side otherwise its going to be drenched."
	: "I don't understand all the hype about this place. It's old and you have to cram in. They have THE worlds smallest bathroom. Had a burger, I'd get a thicker patty at McDonald's! Only thing I liked was the French fries."
	: "I never found myself really craving burgers until I came here with a friend; now Uburger is now my number one all beef patties, special sauce, lettuce, cheese, pickles, onion on a (non) sesame seed bun destination in Boston.  Even the plain hamburger is full of flavor and moist, like the ideal backyard grill burger.  Customization options are pretty much endless.  Prices seem high if you're comparing them to McDonald's or Burger King, but in the context of other Boston sandwich shops, they're right in line.  (Besides which, if you're in the mood for a really great hamburger and you run across the street to McDonald's just to save a few bucks, you're abusing your tastebuds, and the state WILL come and take them away until you learn to be a better caretaker.)  My only real complaint is the forgettable fries -- crispy and fresh, but no real flavor.  If you're doing takeout, this is where the the trip to McDonald's is perfectly justifiable.  Uburger does have a pretty nice dining area boasting a bigscreen TV, but its proximity to BU and Fenway could see it fill up fast..."
	: "Yeah, you can get a sub in a lot of places but it won't be a Neal's Deli sub. Really good eats and part of the Neal family food dynasty."
	: "Enjoy this marginal eatery while it's still in business....Future home of  a shiny new bank or cell phone store."
	: "Coming from California, this is the first place my hosts took me to try Texas BBQ as they say it's one of the best around.  I think they're right.  The servers give you a lot of food and all the meats are flavorful and savory.  I'll definitely come back here again when I'm in town."
	: "Held my Company holiday party here and it was a complete disaster after having a mtg with the manager and discussing menu and much planning on my side.\nThey had the menu wrong, the Karaoke guy never showed up and some kid tried to dj in its place and they never told me another party had our place starting at 10pm.\nWe were descended upon by another party who ate our food and were so rude.\n\nDon't recommend for private parties.  They say you can't hear the band upstairs in the Crimson lounge but they was SO not true."
	: "Just like any other IHOP A little cleaner than some i been to. Our waitress was a little confused we would ask for things and she would walk right by us and set it on a another table to have them tell her it didn't belong to them. it was funny to watch her walk by and come back about four times."
	: "Sunday Brunch:\n\nI went it at 10am (when it opens). There was only one other group there at the time so seating wasn't an issue. The place seems to be fairly low key Sunday mornings (or at least this morning). Waiter was awesome; very friendly and attentive. The layout is pretty open so even on a full day it wouldn't be crammed (common complaint for some brunch places).   \n\nI ordered the Go Green! egg-white Scramble (basil-marinated portobella / fried green tomatoes / fresh mozzarella / basil cashew pesto) and my friend got the Kathy Bates Bennie (Eggs benedict that consists of 2 crispy oat waffles, fried green tomatoes, poached eggs,  hollandaise-of course-and avocado smash). Portions were very generous. Eating buddy loved his eggs benedict. I had a bite myself and they were yummy. I liked my scramble as well. Sweet potato latkas were good; very comfort food-like. My only critique was the amount of liquid in my plate. I'm guessing cooking with that much veggies, some fluid comes out but it made the eggs a little wetter than I would have liked (mostly an issue towards the end of the meal). It was all still delicious but definitely would have liked less water. The excess water could have also accounted for the egg tasting a bit bland. To be fair, I love salty so I am very sensitive to food that is under-salted even a tad. \n\nAnyway I would certainly come back! I really would like to try a waffle next time (got my eye on the sweet cinnamon waffle with nutella ice cream). We both enjoyed our brunch and its very chill ambiance provided an ideal place for my college friend and I to catch up on life."
	: "We go for the atmosphere prices and to support the local economy. One of the things you should definitely do if you're in the Troy area on a Saturday. We go there every now and then, but not regularly, but the food is okay, actually good ! Love the free samples they're always good.!!\nSupport the farmers market they have a good thing going.!!!"
	: "3 people can easily feast off of the steamed seafood platter. It was generously laden with snow crab legs, oysters, clams, mussels, shrimp, sausage, and potatoes. \n\nI liked the cornmeal dusted fried oysters. Very generous serving. Share the fried oyster basket as an appetizer for a group of 4 or more. \n\nThe gumbo wasn't that great--spicy but rather tasteless at the same time."
	: "Went to see William santana after a recommend from a friend. He did a really good job with my brown hair, taking it to a natural looking blonde. He did a whole head of highlights blending in my natural color with two other shades of blonde. The results were very natural and pretty and my sensitive scalp was never subject to burning from harsh chemicals. Go see William if you want good color at a reasonable price. He's worth it."
	: "I LOVE this place. I'm a north campus major and I live in Palms, so I usually have no business what-so-ever to be by Ackerman. But, there's something about those Udon noodles (subbed with the lemon chicken broth and extra seaweed) that lures me that way. It's so light and filling! LOVE it!"
	: "Rynae has been cutting my hair for over 12 years, and she is the best.  Value for money, hands down, World Cuts is the place to get your hair cut for under $20.  There's nothing cheap about the quality or breadth of services, it's really only the cost that she keeps low.  \n\nRynae is one of the friendliest business owners you'll ever meet, and she always makes time for anyone who steps foot in her salon.  \n\nThis place gets busy though (with reason), so I'd recommend coming in no later than 11AM Mon - Sat if you want to avoid the wait.  \n\nAs a bonus - she validates parking in the nearby lot on Durant, so no need to circle around looking for street spots ever..."
	: "If you like Chinese food, you need to try this place.  It is amazing.  The pan-fried pork pot stickers, the sizzling rice soup, the chow mein with homemade noodles, kung pao chicken, mongolian beef, every dish has been outstanding.  They use fresh ingredients, they cook them extremely well, the flavors are wonderful, and the service is just amazing.  I've never been to a restaurant before when they remembered my name after only one visit.  I can't wait to return.  This is the kind of restaurant that makes you want to move into the neighborhood, maybe next door!"
	: "Went here with a friend a few weeks ago.\n\nWas blown away by all of the little sweets they have here. Really has a great mom & pop vibe.\n\nHad the Elvis ice cream. The King would have loved it (banana ice cream with peanut butter swirls) and so did I.\n\nOne word of warning: GET THE JUNIOR SIZE. They fill the cup and then put another scoop on top of it, so you're probably getting 2-3 scoops worth of ice cream in it."
	: "I went to this place for the first time with a amazon local deal and it was great! I think that i got a better massage here than at the last place that I went to for a regular massage.  It says that it is a foot massage place, but they work out practically the whole body.  Very relaxing and great on the tight muscles.  Loved it. Even though it is a bit out of my way, I will probably go again even without the voucher!"
	: "For me, Carrburritos was more about quantity than quality.\n\nIf you want a shovel-full of 'Tex-Mex' ingredients stuffed into a \"big-as-your-head\" burrito, then you will love Carrburritos.\n\nPersonally, I'd rather get something half the size, with fresh ingredients that didn't taste like they came out of a can, and that had an interesting mix of flavors & spices.  Because of that, I've only been to Carrburritos three times... generally I'll drive a mile further down the road to the taqueria instead.\n\nSo if you're used to Taco Bell, you will (correctly) think that Carrburritos is way better.\n\nBut if you're looking for good Tex-Mex or Mexican food, you'll probably find Carrburritos very average."
	: "Tealuxe is to tea as Starbucks is to coffee. It has a commercial retail shop feel, has tea accessories for sale, a limited amount of food for sale, and a wide variety of choices for dried plants to be steeped in hot water. If you like tea, this outfit is one of the better of the limited tea options in Providence, but so far I haven't experienced anything special here."
	: "Met up with a buddy here yesterday to get some practice games in before the National Scrabble Championships beginning next weekend.\n\nI only had a large chai tea. Sweetened, which I like, but a bit on the sugary side (works for me, maybe not for everybody). Next time I come here, I'll try some food - prices seemed fair.\n\nThe inside is pretty dark, and the front room can get pretty sunny (and hot!), so if you're hanging out in the afternoon, you may find yourself moving inside.\n\nBut yeah, a fun option all in all - I'll return!\n\nAs an aside, it's also a nice change from having to drive through downtown Berkeley."
	: "I love going here on my lunch breaks from work.  The store has a wide selection, helpful staff, and is very nicely maintained.  I, too, would like it if there was somewhere to sit and read but, as the store is limited in size, can't really complain about that.  My favorite part? The used section downstairs.  It is extensive and the prices are fantastic for books that for the most part look as though they haven't even been read.  If you enjoy bookstores this isn't one to miss!"
	: "Good, fast and affordable. One of the better places to get cheap Thai food in the area."
	: "Price and boba balls\n\nSuper cheap and great for college students who need that caffeine or just sugar rush during those laggy days\n\nYummmm, flavored sweet and chewy boba balls. Awesome texture."
	: "Stinks. Not very clean. I was trying to save money becasue we were there for only one night however it was not such a great idea. There were bed bugs..Yuck!!"
	: "Hands down the best brunch in town! Their lunch and dinner isn't as phenomenal, however (I learned that pretty early on during my undergrad career dining here). Definitely expect a wait if you're going on a morning during the weekend! Depending on the amount of people in your party it can be anywhere from 20-40 minutes. \n\nTheir best dishes are the Salmon Bruschetta, the Molettes, and the Spanish Frittata. If you come early enough, they might still have some of their delicious scratch-made biscuits left for you (they run out quickly)! Their potatoes that come with any of \"Our Old Favorites\" choices are also great, and if you decide to go for an omelet, don't worry - they don't skimp out on the fillings you choose! My boyfriend recently had their Tofu Scramble as well and he loved it. While you're paying your bill at the register, don't forget to snag some of the freshly-baked desserts at the counter baked from Bollos Cafe down the street! \n\nI've been a loyal Gillies fan for the past 5 years and haven't been disappointed. I hope you join the fanclub soon! :)"
	: "Very healthy earthy crunchy kind of place. I ordered off the kids menu and got the tomato cheddar sandwich, it was quite tasty. The cheddar has a very rich full flavor. We also had the chickpea sandwich which was basically a falafel sandwich, it was okay, nothing to write home about. \n\nThey don't serve regular soda, so I had to go down the street to get a coke. If you walk down the street to get a coke, you should also get a bag of chips. I had some cape cod chips and they went with the sandwich really well!"
	: "I love this place.  Pod was one of my favorite restaurants to go to in Philly and is a great place to take out of town friends.  The martinis are all very tasty and reasonably priced.  The sushi is a little expensive, but is extremely good.  I also really enjoyed the salads and soups here.  They have a conveyor belt sushi bar where you can sit and pick individual rolls as they move by.  \n\nThe vibe there is really great - they have rooms that light up in different colors and generally your table/chairs have lights in them as well.  There is usually Cowboy Bebop or something similar playing on the TV behind the sushi bar and they have great happy hour specials.\n\nIt sometimes gets overrun with Penn students, but if you call ahead and make a reservation you won't have to worry about waiting very long.  The only downside is parking nearby which can be difficult, particularly on the weekends."
	: "I was never a pack-a-day person but there was a time when I veered dangerously close. I also had a cigarette-obsessed roommate for two years who had me try all sorts of brands and lectured me about all the nuances in tobacco. In one ear and out the other (though I'm sure I still have some in my lungs).\n\nMaison Edwards is pretty awesome even for the quitter. Super old-timey and cozy. A place to smoke a pipe and stroke your mustache. There are almost always people sitting in the two seats inside just smoking away. Whiling away the hours of the day. I wouldn't mind having that ritual. \n\nThe lady behind the counter is also almost always smoking cigarettes. Good to know she knows her merch. And she does. They have a huge selection of loose rolling tobacco and you tell her what you're looking for, she'll find it. They also have a nice selection of lighters (from bics to really really nice $200 classy-as-hell fire givers). \n\nEven though I have experience with tobacco the overall air of the place is obscured by a veil of untouchable expertise. Clerks aren't snobby here, don't get me wrong. But the social ambience is kind of intimidating. Partly because there is a kind of exuded l'ennui (more like the seasoned boredom kind than the woe-is-me kind).\n\nReady for the nit-picking? For a specialty store, I kind of want to see some seriously rare imported cigarettes. Like I want to see my Mexican Ovalados (er, I'm missing a letter or two there) or some Russian harsh-cancer-in-a-stick. I know importing, especially cigarettes and alcohol, is absolutely nuts. And maybe the laws are in part to blame. But I want to be wowed.\n\nFor loose rolling tobacco this place can't be beat. For earthy and old-timey ambience, this place can't be beat. Service could be a little more welcoming and selection could be more exotic."
	: "Best. Burger. Ever. The only reason I did not give this 5 stars is because the atmosphere was a tad too stuffy for me. They pride themselves on great service and you definitely get that, but sometimes a too attentive staff can be a turn-off for me. I felt a little weird ordering the burger, but I had read such good reviews about their burger that I just had to try it. It literally melted in my mouth. I do wish it came with better fries (other than \"shoe string fries\") - how about sweet potato fries, no??? We ordered a tuna sashimi appetizer that was delicious - LOVE the spicy asian sauce layered underneath the sliced avocado. I was pleasantly surprised by the portion for the sashimi appetizer, then again it was approx $17 so maybe it was about right. Although pricey, the food is well worth the money. Even the bread basket was fantastic!"
	: "I WILL DEFINITELY BE GOING BACK! I went to Kika Tapas with some friends on Friday after work. We were seated in a comfy round booth. The tapas, sangria, atmosphere and service were all excellent. I really liked the Patatas Bravas, Camarones a la Plancha, Berenjena Rellena and a special of the night that's named something I can't remember (it was a roll of steak, stuffed with a mushroom, cheese, spinach, blend). Our server was friendly, attentive and remained patient with a challenging group of women who had quite a bit of the delicious Sangria Royal, which is a red sangria with cava and Grand Marnier. DELICIOUS!"
	: "I was really impressed with the service provided by Burden Busters.  Not only were my offices professionally maintained, but this is the first company that stands behind their satisfaction guaranteed policy.  unbeknownst  to me, the owner of the company came out to personally survey the services rendered.  Workers were always on time and polite.  Being a former Marine, I was utterly impressed and overwhelmed with their personal appearance. \n\nKeep up the good work,\n\nLivingston's Auto Glass"
	: "This place is pretty delicious. I always get the Steamed Vermicelli with Rice Paper Wrap with prawns. Besides being a bit crowded, great for dinner"
	: "This is my favorite place in the world. Atmosphere, service, prices, food, drinks - It's all top notch!!"
	: "Intolerable service. \nSmall place= limited seating= hot.\nThe music is too loud!\nFood is too greasy, mediocre. \n\nThe male waitress was SOOO RUDE. Thai tom's success has gotten to their head and made it so big that it exploded through their loud speakers in the form of blasting modern thai music."
	: "The Harvard Book Store is excellent.  They have a massive selection of almost every kind of book.  I particularly enjoy their art and architecture sections which provides a decent  assortment of titles.  And don't forget the used book and remainder section downstairs!  Pretty good selection there as well and it will save you a bunch of money.\r\n\r\nWatch out for the fact that the used book portion in the basement has different hours than the regular store."
	: "The overall rating of this place is very misleading and unfair.\nSome of the reviews here are about at&t and have nothing to do with this location.\nWhich is very stupid to say the least. Now to talk about ["
	: "Carvel ice cream is always very nice - rich and creamy soft serve. I swear they've got something magical in those machines.\n\nBut, it's not something I go out of my way for. Carvel is a bit pricier than your average ice cream (with good reason, don't get me wrong, like I said thems is some tasty cones), but if I'm in the area on a hot day and want ice cream, Carvel is my likeliest choice."
	: "The Red Light location in the U-District is quite a bit smaller than the one in Capitol Hill. They still offer a great selection of items.\n\nPARKING: Street parking. This is in the core retail section of Broadway on the Hill. This is paid parking with the City of Seattle meters. This just down the street from the Metro Clothing Company, Buffalo Exchange, and Goodwill, so it's not a waste of money if you're looking for a shopping spree.\n\nSELECTION/CONSISTENCY: Naturally, the selection is dependent on what they are able to buy from people off the street. For the most part, they are consistently solid in being able to product a fine selection of old school clothing.\n\nPRICING: Vintage store prices, don't expect to buy items at thrift store prices. Some of the higher priced items are cheaper than what you'd find on Craiglist. I consistently see this when looking at their Pendleton jackets.\n\nSERVICE: They have a friendly staff. I've purchased an item at the other location and was able to exchange it here; I thought that was a big plus."
	: "I have found a few perfect gifts that no other stores can match for my friends and my family. You can find something very awesome as a gift for the baby showers, just look for the baby toys section. Trust me on that!!!!!"
	: "Easily the worst real estate management company in the C-U area, which is pretty impressive.  Their staff is composed of some of the least friendly and unhelpful people you could imagine, their properties, from my experience and based on other Google reviewers, are sub-par, and they will do anything to screw an extra dollar out of you (don't expect your security deposit back).  Don't rent from PPM.\n\nI wish there was a way to give these people a no-star rating.\n\nIf you want more info on this company, check out the Google reviews."
	: "i loved loved loved going to school here. loved it. i'd go back in a heartbeat. \n\nyes, it was hard as hell, but so damn worth every second. \n\n20 random things i loved/miss about cal\n\n1. go bears\n2. alex fillipenko, astro 10\n3. alan dundes, folklore\n4. football saturdays\n5. late afternoons in the spring when you watch the sun set over campus\n6. polisci 179 lecture series class\n7. asian ghetto\n8. late night kingpin and dollar rice\n9. ac transit and functional university bus service\n10. 642-walk\n11. 24hr libraries\n12. camaraderie\n13. sproul\n14. the daily cal\n15. the octet and overtones\n16. smart alecs\n17. social consciousness\n18. actually running into people you know on a campus of 30k students\n19. the sociology dept. the whole sociology dept.\n20. the affordable tuition for the best damn school there is\n\ngo bears!"
	: "Third time I've dined in, and I've had excellent service each and every time. Carlos, our server is incredibly courteous and is on point when it comes to timing (refills, ordering, checkups). The food is just as fantastic! My friend had the Philly cheesesteak (minus the Philly! Lol) and I had the pizza and salad...so good!! Tarantinos is quickly becoming my favorite!"
	: "They're not the cheapest gas downtown but they have the best selection of \"stuff\".  You can generally find whatever oddball snack, etc that you want on their shelves and it isn't all bottom-of-the-barrel quality (they have a pretty diverse Pringles selection).  The place is clean and the staff is friendly.  No complaints."
	: "The girls and I were in the mood for something on the light side and something that screamed Western Mass. since we were on a day trip in the area.  This definitely seemed like a hippie/left wing/college hangout kind of joint.  Check out the chalkboard by the bathroom if you don't believe me.  The owners/staff are not Republicans in any manner.  \n\nI ordered a really delicious, yet very large spinach salad.  This was a tad on the expensive side for lunch but I was thankful for the day-old brioche, which I bought at half-price and it was still delicious. My friends ordered sandwiches and enjoyed them.  The seating area is kind of small so be sure to grab a table quickly after ordering.   I loved the acoustic swing band.  More restaurants should have live bands play.  \n\nThe desserts looked amazing but we didn't order anything.  I'd like to return  just for pastries."
	: "#1 tacos al pastor in so-cal, hands down."
	: "The service is mediocre and the ambiance is lacking. The prices are a little higher than I'd like to pay, but the naan is great and the tikka masala is out of this world. The basmati rice is perfect and the flavors in the tikka masala (which I usually get with chicken, which is always cooked to perfection) are delightful. I don't think I've tried anything else here because I'm so obsessed with this dish. Om nom nom."
	: "The owner of this delicious chocolate shop has learned from the absolute best chocolate makers in the world--and he's incredibly passionate about chocolate.  Chat with him and he'll give you the history of chocolate and why his is so vastly different (and I must say, eons better) than many other chocolatiers.  His chocolate has more than 70% cocoa (most of American chocolate is about 6%), making it rich, creamy, and healthy with many antioxidants.  It's well worth the $$ spent.  Their truffles are truly amazing, you can't go wrong with your choice."
	: "Pizza is ok but whats with the attitude?  Not cool or hip to get snide looks and attitude for ordering two slices, getting one, and asking for the second slice that you had indeed ordered... whose fault is that?  And whats the big deal, just heat up the slice of pizza.  Instead, I got a whole of of eye rolling, pizza slamming, and gnashing of change.  Whatever.  Would rather just get pizza than drama."
	: "This spot is great reminds me of other coffee shops in (Tryst) DC, and NY.. Always felt a good vibe of this spot.. As a coffee shop it does more than required.. (Location,Coffee, Food/Lunch, Liquor, Free WiFi,  and a really cool staff).. As a bar/ lounge. 4****. \n\n  I DJ'd at Octane for there 5 year anniversary,  as well as a few other events and killed it. The crowd was 'going in\"..(Slang: having extreme fun) lol.. They started on a great note and only moved up the ladder.. Whenever in ATL. This is one of my fav spot."
	: "so convenient and close to campus, hangouts, and shops!!!\n\ntheir briyani is really spicy.... but i like to eat it anyways\nfood is prepared very fast\ni usually get water, chicken briyani, naan, and chicken tikka masala, and raita"
	: "She must be warm, experienced and qualified doctor, but her lack of social skill gives negative impression to the patients. Hope she is more confident and express herself better. Patients do not bite you!"
	: "The Good:\n  :: location. it's near campus and near Hyde Park\n  :: hours. they have good hours open for business\n  :: selection of frames. my god. they have so many frames it's fantastic! these are frames you would actually want to buy, too, not junk frames. range from very conservative to very stylish\n  :: optometrist was nice and pleasant to deal with\n  :: employees were friendly\n  :: contact lenses came in fast\n\nThe Bad:\n  :: one employee didn't do a good job of running one of my eye tests, but the optometrist redid the test himself\n\nThe Ugly:\n  :: none.\n\nWould I go back?  Definitely.  This place is a great location, a good optometrist, and a great selection of frames. \n\nThis place is IN."
	: "The food here is always outstanding. A great cross between comfort and and creative foods.  The service is also always friendly. I will say, this is a great place to go on an expense account."
	: "On a chilly day in San Francisco, I wish I could take a quick flight to Ann Arbor to enjoy Le Dog's soups. During the winter I would come here once to twice a week since I worked less than 1 minute away. I mistakenly asked if the soup is good when I meant to ask which soup is better. The guy in the back loudly said something along the lines of not making soup that is bad. Very true. I feel like I have tried all of the soups and they are all excellent!"
	: "I use to be a huge fan of BJ's. I loved the pizza and the pizookie! Yum. \n\nBut I went back and it was not the same. The food was medicore. Salty, greasy, and overcooked. The pizookie, which I had hoped would be delicious, was gross and tasted artifical. \n\nThe waitress was really nice and funny but really slow. BJ's did not make for a quick lunch."
	: "Great new place in the (poor) Ithaca culinary landscape. While the dinner menu is relatively uninspiring, the brunch menu is creative and full of southwestern flavors. I personally tried the \"Del Mar\" fish tacos, and the huevos rancheros - both above average. The grits was delicious as well.\nDesserts are tasty and well-made (I suggest the pineapple upside-down cake). Good wine and drinks list.\n\nThe restaurant interiors are nice, with a modern yet traditional feeling (it seems to be in Colorado rather than in Ithaca!). I give the place 4 and not 5 stars because the service is somewhat slow and sloppy - I am sure this will improve with time and with more training.\n\nA happy new discovery!"
	: "Wow, for all the hype about this place, nowhere near great. I do remember ordering Pad Thai from here once and it was okay. However, since I had never been to the actual restaurant, my friends and i decided to stop by\n\nI don't know why we had such a bad experience, but let's just say all our noodles were so overcooked they were melting like cheese. Noodles were definitely not meant to taste like cheese. \n\nIt was an overly greasy and kind of sickening experience. The atmosphere isn't too shabby, but it's just a hole in the wall kind of restaurants. The service was nice and fast, but the price overly expensive for such a restaurant. \n\nYou can go to any other of Ithaca's deluge of Thai restaurants and be much more satisfied. Taste of Thai just down the street in the commons is the same price with a much better atmosphere and better food. \n\nSkip this place, the food quality in this place has definitely suffered recently."
	: "It was a novel and fun experience eating in the kitchen, but for all the hype, the pizza was just okay."
	: "Any time between 5-7, you'll most likely have to wait outside for 10 minutes, but no longer. They'll take your order before you're seated, and your food usually arrives moments after you sit down. Certainly not a place to take a friend or colleague to have a conversation, but a good place to swing by for a quick eat. The portions are large for the low cost, but the quality lacks. Unless you're a Thai expert, however, I doubt you'll notice. They're heavy on the grease and sauce, but hey, it's FILLING!\n\nOverall, it's a fun experience - or great takeout (I would estimate over half their business is takeout). Give it a shot for a $10 meal!"
	: "We went up to chili's on a nondescript saturday evening.\n\nI'll have to say that initially I didn't really feel overly-jazzed about this place. We walk in, and it's more of a convenience store than a restaurant. \n\nWe order from a short menu (one page) and wait for the food to arrive. Service over-all was fast. The gal that helped us was somewhat pushy in a motherly sort of way, semi-scolding me when I was unable to make nary a dent in my gigantic meal. Apparently on the weekends you get all of the sides, instead of choosing just one of the three.\n\nI felt the food left something to be desired, my lamb curry dish being chock FULL of cardamom and my dining companion turning four shades ranging from light peach to crimson red from some sort of spice on/in the green beans.\n\nWith all of that being said, if you're a starving college student this place dishes HUGE portions and the food is hearty; and we only spent 25 on a full two course meal including dessert.\n\nI would only go here again to get the takeout, because for whatever reason the food seemed to be more delicious the second time."
	: "I'm very disappointed by the customer service. I've been coming here for months because I thought the atmosphere was great and the hair stylists are really sweet. My son enjoys coming here. I make quite a drive to get here and shell out a good amount of money every month. The last time that we came in my son's hair around his face was too long and didn't get cut (this was a Sunday). I was going to bring him in the following weekend to just get the hair around his face trimmed so he didn't look like a girl. Unfortunately we couldn't make it in so the following week I called them and asked if it was ok that I came in this weekend. I know by this point it had been a while but I really didn't think it was that big of a deal to come back and have them trim the sides of his face. The girl that answered the phone was really rude and gave me such a hard time (\"It's been 2 weeks! You needed to have come back within 1-2 days! It's not fair to the other stylists\") Well, I am a working mom with 2 small kids that works until 6pm. Unfortunately I didn't have time. However I didn't have to get treated so poorly. They wouldn't work with me and they wouldn't trim those few pieces of hairs. So guess what? Not coming back again, I am finding another place closer to home where they appreciate my business and have better customer service."
	: "6 buck clay pot bibimbop... Who could you not love that?"
	: "I have been here twice so far, and both times the service was excellent!  \n\nI got in within 10 minutes of arriving each time (granted both times were in the middle of a Monday, so maybe not rush hours).  The doctor listened to all of my symptoms and then came up with his diagnosis and explained to me what I could expect, what I should do at home and then what to do if it doesn't get better.  I really appreciated that he didn't just throw antibiotics at me and throw my out the door like many doctors do.  He took the time to explain everything and offered to write my a prescription of antibiotics if my illness didn't get better on its own within a few days, but left it up to me.\n\nThis is such a convenient location and they have great hours.\n\nThere is a parking lot that is open during the day at least around back, and if you pay for your ticket at the front desk they give you a dollar off I believe.  \n\nThey have urgent care hours as well as regular physician hours."
	: "Psh, your grandmother pies pale in comparison to my grandmother's pie.\n \nAnd your beef noodle soup isn't all that either!"
	: "Let me just start off on how useless hiring a traffic lawyer is. If you speak English and have no problem talking to authority, don't waste your money! Even if you do not speak English, don't get  hustled by these cons. I know for a fact I would've  A: Gotten out faster\n                                    B: Not had such a headache \n                                    C: Wasted my money.  \n\nI could've done what  \"lawyer\" did by myself. First I get there and I already assume I will be waiting since it is court, but on top of the two hours I waited for the judge my lawyer was no where to be found. He was \"too busy in other rooms to get with me promptly. \n\nGet prepared to be treated like a hassle or a pest. I got there at 8 and when my lawyer was going to present my case and tell the judge what I wanted to do, he did not want to speak to my lawyer. so i had to come back at 1:15. I''m sorry but being in court from 8am - 1:30pm is UNACCEPTABLE.\n\nOn top of it all he kept asking me, what did I want to do?... Aren't you supposed to know what's best for me legally? Don't even bother with these guys they arent worth the money for their lack of compassion and human  interest."
	: "Amazing crepes!\n\nMy wife and I love this place.  We often stop by and try different crepes, my favorite has to be the Russian blintz and her's is the Nutella and banana.  I highly recommend getting a Cafe Au-Lait with your crepe.  \n\nNo complaints about this cozy little creperie."
	: "The California Froyo cup (smallest) doesn't have a cap. This sucked for my togo order. \n\nThis is a great place more reasonably priced froyo with great taste. \nThe toppings counter is also nice even though some of it is a little hard to get to.\n\nMy 2.9 year old and I enjoyed CherryOnTop very much."
	: "Were it not for the Bent Spoon, many a Princeton graduate student might have shriveled up and died in their lab basements and cubicles. It's one of those saving graces of the local Princeton town (that number can be counted on one hand) and can motivate one to push through a day of work.\n\nI personally buy a scoop so I can taste the variety of flavors first. Some memorable ones: Earl grey tea-- it's novel to have the taste of tea in a cold, non-liquified texture. Honeydew-- smoother than eating melon itself. Sorbets of all sorts, especially their blood orange-- sweet and tangy and cooling. Pistachio-- it's so potently pistachioey, it's more like the essence of pistachio, as if you took that filmic skin of pistachio, compressed it, and turned it into ice cream.\n\nIt's a  fun game to walk into the store and guess what flavors they'll have for the day. Even more fun is getting a free scoop after you've finished off your punch card!"
	: "T.G.I. Friday's used to have one of the better happy hours in the general UCSD area, but ever since switching to the new Sunday and bar only specials, there isn't much point for students to go to enjoy some good deals on appetizers and drinks after a late night of studying or for their friends' birthdays.  This particular trip was inspired by a friends' birthday celebration and was a throwback to our old student days.\n\nFeeling a bit hungrier than just an appetizer, I decided to go with the Cheesy Bacon Cheeseburger.  Accompanied by a \"Snakebite\", this combination makes for the classic burger and beer combo.  The burger was pretty tasty and moist, but what makes this burger unique is its inclusion of a sliced of fried provolone cheese.  You would expect that it be kind of melted, but it was sort of just a solid patty of fried cheese.  It was OK, but definitely not what I expected.  I found the fries to be disappointingly over seasoned as well.\n\nTurning away their core demographic is a silly move in an attempt to increase profits.  Even sitting at the bar level doesn't count toward their happy hour specials and only applies if you sit at the bar itself.  As a student, Friday's used to be one of my favorite comfort places, but it has since lost most of its personality and charm.  Hopefully they decide bring back their old specials and Friday's can once again win back its core customers.\n\nFood: 7/10\n\nService: 6/10\n\nPrice: $$\n\nAtmosphere: 6/10"
	: "Market in the Square is what it is. An overpriced, subpar quality bodega that can be what it is because there's no other walking-distance option for people living in the Square. Emphasis on overpriced. The people who work here are generally apathetic and unhelpful as well - I once spent a few minutes describing 'fresh mozz' to the deli counter dude and he finally understood, giving me some in a bag and wrapped in paper. I get home to find the $8 mozz to be...big chunks of slized mozzerella. Lovely. \n\nI go here for sheer convenience reasons (such as needing a lemon or chocolate chips), but when Whole Foods/Trader Joe's/anything else decides to suck it up and land somewhere close, I sure hope this place goes out of business."
	: "Wow. All these food critics aren't kidding when they say the egg salad sandwich at Euro Pane is one of the best around (it was featured on Jonathan Gold's list of things to eat in LA before you die, and also on the Food Network's \"Best Thing I Ever Ate\"). It really is a seriously kick-ass sandwich.\n\nNow, listen folks. I love egg salad. A lot. In all of its many forms. But there's something about the egg salad at Euro Pane that puts it high above the rest. Most versions of egg salad that I've seen in my day are wet cement-like (albeit delicious) concoctions of diced hard boiled eggs held together with tons of mayo. The eggs in Euro Pane's salad are only medium boiled, giving the yolks a runnier consistency, and cut into larger chunks rather than diced or mashed. As a result, the integrity of the egg itself is kept in tact and you can really savor the egg flavor, rather than the mayo-heavy taste you get from most other versions. Add a squirt of lemon juice and some arugala on top of a couple of slices of sourdough and you've got one awesome sandwich.\n\nThe egg salad alone deserves 5 stars but there are some misses here. My dining partner ordered the roasted red pepper and goat cheese sandwich which was way too heavy on the peppers and, as a result, significantly less satisfying. Also, the oft-discussed macarons were tasty enough and came in a nice assortment of flavors, but the filling could be creamier. There are better macarons out there (make a trip to NY or Vegas to visit Bouchon Bakery and see for yourself)."
	: "Oh you want a burger? But you think that food trucks are always rip offs with low quality product huh? Go to spot. Quality. Variety. Laughs and smiles. Aptly named, because this sure as hell is the spot!"
	: "been back 4-5 times.  items are hit and miss, tho dinner is much nicer than lunch i think.  great atmosphere. tofu sandwich to-go was alright but slightly overpriced for what you get.  charlie ayers says he's workin on the veggie burger a bit more, been through 12 diff versions.  what i did like was that they listen to feedback.  service is slow but they seem genuine.  and the food is fresh and thoughtfully prepared.  i'm a fan."
	: "I went here for lunch with promises from my friend that I would be impressed and really like the place.\nHe was right.\nTheir Turkey Hoagie was so freakin good!\nThe bread was fresh, ingredients also fresh and tasty and the folks here are so friendly and polite. (A great GREAT find nowadays!)\nI will be back for more."
	: "My bf and I finally decided to brave the long lines at Sprinkles after weeks of waiting. Turned out that we came at the perfect time because we only waited 17 minutes! Woohoo!\n\nWe ordered the Mocha, Coconut, Red Velvet, and Lemon cupcakes. All four were very tasty, though the Mocha was my least favorite because it was a tad too sweet (and this is coming from someone with the biggest sweet tooth ever). The Red Velvet is good but overrated. And the Coconut was my favorite out of all 4... highly recommend it!\n\nCan't wait to come back and try the Chai Latte and Pumpkin cupcakes. I'd give it 5 stars if this place weren't so pricey :S"
	: "Grendel's gets five starts for me just because of their half-off food happy hours.  500-730 and after 900, as long as you get one drink $3+, all food is half off, and while the food isn't spectacular, it is pretty good and cheaper than most food you can find in Harvard Square.\n\nThe place is pretty cozy, though it can get pretty crowded at times.  Our waitress was awesome.  All around good times.  It's the closest thing to a happy hour I've found here."
	: "They aren't my favorite independent book store, but they are an independent book store. I have to keep telling myself that, every time I see people traipsing around with the Harvard Book Store logo on a sweatshop-made tote bag.  Or are there sewing machines in the back? Anyway. I really shouldn't write these reviews after I've been experimenting with hot toddy recipes. \n\nThe store has a nice used & remainder section downstairs, and good events. They sell out early, though, so check out their calendar online. Actually, check out the whole website: they do online ordering, and if you're local you can get green delivery. Or just come in and pick it up. Plenty of options. Just like with hot toddies."
	: "Terrible food. The atmosphere can not make up for it. I was very grossed out when I ordered chicken satay and the two sauces that normally come with it were blended to make one sauce. It was the peanut sauce the cucumber palate cleanser. Totally disgusting. When it comes to fusion food it can not be done literally. I really would not waste my time coming here. You would be better off going down the street to Potbelly's then be disappointed here."
	: "This place has a reputation as one of the best, if not the best, BBQ in Houston.  Brisket is the way to go!  Quality of the sides can vary slightly."
	: "Ever crave pho late at night after drinking? Too bad there's no pho places open that late.. BUT wait there's noodle nation! when everyone else doesn't know what to eat, Be the cool guy and say \"guys... 2 words, noodle nation. noodle nation\" get the duck soup or boat soup. good for large groups."
	: "In need of a caffeine infusion to get through the day? I suggest you mosey on over to the newest Coupa Cafe location and get yourself a Guayoyo. A Venezuelan latte, this cup of magic fuel kept me alert and ready for anything after I found myself drooping around 2PM. \n\nNow settled into the little coffee kiosk that used to house Moonbeans, Coupa Cafe is lively and busy. Grab a cup of Joe and go or stay for a while and study, read or chat with friends for a spell at one of the cafe's outdoor tables. The place is fast paced, enjoys a distinctly Latin spirit and the staff works hard to make sure you leave fueled up and with a spring in your step."
	: "Yes, I understand some people have genuinely gnarly experiences at USPS's. You can't excuse bad attitude. But those who complain about slow service between 4-5pm on a Friday? What the heck do you expect? It's one of the most congested times to get anything done. It's unfortunately the only time some people have during the work week to run errands like, oh, mailing packages...and stuff!? You wouldn't write a bad review for the Bay Bridge because it was slow and CONGESTED when you chose to crawl across it at 4:30pm on a Friday, would you? Thought not. Deal with it!\n\nI had a pleasant and uneventful experience at this branch. Came on a Thursday around lunchtime, 12:30pm. One woman running the counter. She was very courteous and I saw her be patient and helpful with several customers prior to me. Including a clueless girl clutching a pile of papers wondering how to pick an envelope. Including the couple who was there just to find out how much it would cost them to mail a shit ton of stuff to Germany. Pleasant, patient, efficient, helpful. With other customers, and with me. Took me less than 10 minutes to get in and out. That's good service if you ask me. \n\nTIPS:\n\nGrab a number. Try not to yank off two or three from the roll. Wait patiently. Try not to come at peak hours (read: Friday 4-5pm). If you do, don't complain about the dang line!"
	: "best mexican food in the history"
	: "32 oz of Margarita joy. (http://www.yelp.com/user_local_photos?userid=GIMg5oHqsJXdRq_7tR2jjQ&select=7qjcguP1URiVpRlpOSqOow&start=0) Can I get an Amen? I've had better margaritas, but who cares?  Miranda R. and I are happy campers.\n\nOh ya I ate food too, but I came to experience drunken joy.  The food was standard fare.  I have priorities."
	: "Carolina crossroads is one of the best restaurants in the area. The food is modern southern regional. The chefs tasting menu is usually a different style. For example, I've had southwestern and Asian (different meals). Desserts are a mixed bag. They tend to either be absolutely delicious or just okay. I recommend not going on Friday nights during the summer because they have outdoor concerts in front of the dining room. Ambience is great for dates. Service is awesome. The sommelier always has something tasty up his sleeve."
	: "This is where I'd eat when I was a poor undergrad and needed a quick, cheap bite. It was either this or a donut from kingpin...needless to say, I love blondie's. It's open late night too, which can be really convenient. Some people say fat slice is better - they are wrong, it is just greasier and limper. Blondie's serves up a nice, old fashioned slice and it is big, cheap and delicious. This isn't gourmet, this is BLONDIE'S!\n\nAnd in addition, this place is definitely old school. My dad has been taking me here since I was a wee one, when he'd walk me around campus and tell me \"look, this is where you're going to go!\" (he was right). We'd buy our Blondie's pizza and eat on campus watching the college kids go by (it was weird seeing little kids doing the same with their parents when I was a student here). The crap they have hung up inside blondie's used to disturb me as a kid. And they still do."
	: "I had just finished dinner and was very full. My sister on the other hand, had a hankering for ice cream. Her friend knew of a \"little place\" we could get some. This is how we stumbled into Full Tilt. After trying a few flavors I decided on the Coffee 'n Coffee Cake ice cream, which, doesn't taste much like coffee but is in fact DELICIOUS. Perfect flavor, chunks of cake....please sir may I have some more?\n\nI ordered one scoop so when the woman behind the counter (who was a riot!) gave me this heaping  helping that required several dunks into the tub I thought she misheard me and gave me two scoops.\n\nI was pleased to discover that no, she did not mishear me. Their \"one scoop\" is just simply that overwhelming. Bless this place. I wish there was one closer to my place, and yet, perhaps its good it's so far away...\n\nNeedless to say, I might have been full before the ice cream, but I was bursting after. It was a pleasant day. I will never eat Baskin Robbins again."
	: "2 for 1 breakfast burrito Tuesdays??\n\nthose are the key words to a broke college student's ears.  And when you get it and its dripping in that nice breafkast eggs and oily sausage sauce, you can't but hold that nice plump burrito in hesitation and enjoy that first bite in SLO motion.  \n\nBut other than that breakfast burrito, I've never come here for anything else.  Is there any reason to?  \n\nAND, you can call ahead to place an order for those on the way to school and just wanted to pick it up really quick."
	: "Such good pizza, nice service. However, it gets really busy during the lunch period (somewhere between 12-2) so cramming into a booth can be difficult sometimes. Overall, DELICIOUS."
	: "I just moved into a 400 sq. ft. apartment with my boyfriend in the Back Bay Thus, things have to be very consolidated. I was looking for a storage unit that is very close to my location so I can easily go there to get clothing or luggage. I also needed a place that I could go in and out of easily.\n\nThis place is not only in a very neat building, but it also was really easy to rent a place here. I got a good sized place for what I needed for only $70 a month.  The place is climate controlled and even fire proof!\n\nWithin 5min I had rented a place and was already moving my stuff in. The only down side to all of this is that they don't have an auto pay system. Instead you can do direct pay, check or cash. They send a paper bill to your place which seems a little old fashioned but that's alright. Overall I've been very pleased with this storage place."
	: "I recently commissioned three rings from Kerry Cohagen and was very pleased with the outcome.  The rings in question were an engagement and two wedding rings, very important.  Kerry listened to what we liked in terms of design and worked with us to fashion something unique and distinctly 'us'.  He used the idea of a mobius strip to create an interlocking engagement and wedding ring set for my sweetie and the result was elegant, organic, and truely a one of a kind.  My ring was simpler but elegant as well.  \n\nWe were so happy that he was willing to melt down old scrap gold and jewelry for us (including a few gold teeth) to form the jewelry as we wanted to minimize our impact on gold mining.  We came away with an amazing product for a really really reasonable price and couldn't be happier.  I would highly recommend these guys for any project.  They are artists of the highest caliber and really listen to the customer."
	: "Every time my dad and I go to berkeley we ALWAYS go to this restaurant.  And I'm sure that Berkeley has many delicious restaurants, but this place is awesomeness on a stick.  Or, in a bowl, I guess.  \n\nThe Veggie Delight salad is amazing.  It doesn't even matter what dressing you get--they're all good.  And you can probably just get the salad and share it with a friend.  Seriously.  One veggie delight salad could feed Peru for several months! (although, guinea pig is not on the menu)  And the sammiches are delicious!  the fresh bread is, as every other reviewer has said, thick and tasty.  A bit sweet, but in a good way.    The egg salad is super good, the tofu sammich is alright.  A little sweet.  the turkey is good, standard turkey sammich.  It's just that salad.  Its SERIOUS salad.\n\nHere's the missing star (I almost rated it 5, then thought about it a bit more).... They are often out of egg salad and/or sprouts.  And, I love both egg salad and sprouts.  What can I say, I'm a california girl.  Tables can be scarce--best to figure out what you're ordering before you start standing in line, and come with a friend who can grab the table and hold it for you.  And that's about it.  I don't care  about the tables that much, but it's really really disappointing when all you want is a 1/2 and 1/2 veggie delight and egg salad sammich only to find that neither has sprouts and the sammich can't be egg salad.  Especially when you're coming from Santa Cruz.  Or Sacramento.  Or San Diego.  Then it's a bitter cup of sproutless eggsaladlessness.\n\nP.S. Its super cheap, everything about $7 (with $2 beers, incidentally), but bring cash!! Cash only."
	: "Service: 3.5/5\nFood: 33/5\nWait: 4.5/5\nPrice: $\nPresentation of food: 3.5/5\nPresentation of restaurant: 3.5/5\nOverall: 3/5\n\nthe dude here looked very unhappy seeing so many un-sober people. i had their glazed twist and regular glazed; the twist was kinna hard on some ends. But i liked their regular glazed."
	: "Everyone here is all, \"I LOVE THIS PLACE! Four stars.\" Screw that, man: a huge selection of beers on tap for not very much money, a great patio, tasty munchies, and pretty thoroughly reasonable sandwiches? I'm so down for that. Great on a warmer summer day, when you can find one.\n\nIt's a pub, not fine dining, but it's a damn good pub!"
	: "Walking around Cambridge in eleven degree weather has a tendency to make one cranky. Imagine that.\n\nSo with L.A. Burdick Chocolate Cafe in sight, I decided to employ the palliative sweet sworn upon by a well-known choleric demographic:  PMSing women. \n\nSeconds away from being a Laurensicle, I opted for my chocolate in hot liquid form. Specifically, a large hot milk chocolate. Which, according to their sign, is simply milk and melted shaved chocolate. (Three sizes: Demi - $2.00; Small - $3.00, Large - $4.50)\n\nMm...heaven. With one sip, the cold and mounting annoyance seemed to dwindle. Delicious. Strangely, I was reminded of the hot chocolate description in the book The Polar Express, rich like \"melted nougat\".  I sipped until my lactose-sensitive stomach threatened to rebel. I can't wait to go back to introduce friends and family to this incredible treat. Stomach and wallet be damned."
	: "I do have a sweet tooth, but I am always skeptical of ice cream's healthier and often not-as-tasty cousin frozen yogurt. I hoped this place would prove me wrong. Sadly it didn't. \n \nThey were HOPPING when my friend and I went around 7:30 on Tuesday. You serve yourself and then it is weighed. Some of their flavors include pink grapefruit and peanut butter.  But they have a ton of toppings which was truly the best part of the experience. The girl at the cash register was super nice, but after spending  over six bucks for this frozen \"treat\", I was underwhelmed. It was just \"eh\". \n\nThe place will do well being in walking distance for local college kids and young hipsters...but I will not be going back. Bring on the ice cream, that is the real deal, folks...my heart and vote go with ice cream...Froyoworld proved to me yet again that frozen yogurt just doesn't stack up."
	: "The service was agonizingly slow the one time I was there for lunch, but at least they were apologetic.  As I only have an hour for lunch (work downtown) I haven't tried it again."
	: "I love this place. It's close to work, and the Caesar chicken sandwich is awesome. The quesadillas are all pretty good too. The best thing is just the overall funkiness. It's run by happy hipsters who aren't snobby and pretentious, and the music is always appropriately weird. It's also got a good funky vibe, though the newer portion of the underground dining area is a little too bland.\n\nStill, I usually go there once a week for lunch. Also, skip the soft drink and get the lemonade. Free refills, it's awesome, and no wasted plastic or aluminim.\n\nIt's nice to see a business that recycles pretty much everything, as well."
	: "After much deliberation we tried this place for dessert on Saturday afternoon. Decor is adorable and the bathrooms are very clean. We tried the most traditional crepe on the sweet crepe menu: butter, sugar and whipped cream. It was delicious. However, I wish they had real silverware, plates and glassware. Also, if they are going to go with the French theme, they should get rid of the americanized sugary drinks and americanized crepe options. Keep it Paris, please! Otherwise, they might see us again, but it won't be a regular thing. I could make the same thing at home for a dollar..."
	: "Caliban Book Shop has to be the most remarkable bookstore in the 'Burgh.  It isn't quite a used bookstore.  You don't go here expecting to find used paperbacks of Steinbeck or Dickens.  No, this is really much more of an antique and collector's bookstore.  As a reviewer on another site says, the first thing you notice upon entering the place is the sweet scent of old books.  I found an old book on pop music once as a gift for my dad.  He really loved it.\n\nThey do get used textbooks and not-so-rare paperbacks too.  So if you want to escape the look-alike world of the major chains (Barnes & Noble or Borders, not that there's anything wrong with those places) then by all means, drop in here!"
	: "This is not really \"great pizza\" per se, the crust is a little cardboard-y and the toppings are not the highest quality.  That said, they do what they do well.  A quick slice or two when you are hungry, even (especially) late at night, and some truly inventive topping combos that they pull off surprisingly well.  While you will never see a fig and proscuitto pizza here, or a butternut squash, blue cheese, and rosemary, they are pretty inventive in a college kid kinda way - avocados and black beans, buffalo chicken, tortellini, etc.  It's not a gourmet spot, not a traditional Italian pizzeria, and not a high quality pie place like Regina's or Santarpio's in Boston, or Pepe's or Sally's in New Haven, but it's really a great spot to grab a slice.  When I am living in the Pioneer Valley they are kinda the place I love to hate - it's easy to eat there too often, to be sick of the mediocre crust and the Frankenstein topping combos, but when I am not in town I miss them."
	: "I had tried to dine at Grafton Street Pub a few times, but there were always long lines and big waits.  This past week I was with a few friends and was finally able to get a table.  Some of my friends rave about this place, so maybe we all ordered the wrong things, but I found the food was only so-so and definetly not worth the price tag.  On the upside, I loved the atmosphere, and the waitstaff were really friendly, and great about answering questions, accomodating someone with different dietary needs.  As an FYI I'd say this is an Ok place for vegetarians (they'll leave meat off of just about anything), but probably a no-go for vegans.  Except the house salad I didn't see anything w/out cheese or eggs involved.  Overall I wasn't the biggest fan, but I'd probably still give Grafton another go."
	: "This is probably one of my fav place if not the best place for sushi. The fish is fresh. Had their Rainbow Roll and it was the best roll I've eaten. Their California rolls are yummy too. Their miso soup was good...the seaweed was thick and chewy in a good way. Great service...waiter was friendly and quick. Atmosphere was mellow. Definitely will come back soon."
	: "Joy Imai's pottery is beautiful. You must go see it. We have a lot of pieces by her. Sramana"
	: "Good pizza. I like their white pizza. also good beer on tap. reasonable price considering that they are in La Jolla."
	: "The food here was pretty good. They have yummy make-your-own omelettes and the Mr. Greek Special is always a great deal. I heard good things from my friends, so I decided to check it out. Unfortunately, the prices have been jacked up since.\n\nAnd, I was violently sick afterwards. Not how that happened. All my friends were fine. :["
	: "I've had lunch at Daisy Mint twice now, when there was no crowd, happily.  The food was excellent all around.  The service was not.  Both times.  No greeting when I came in the door.  First time, no one offered me a menu, although she grunted and pointed toward the table she wanted me to use.  Long delay in taking my order.  When food came out wrong, no gracious apology, just a silent picking up of my dish to return it to the kitchen for correction.  It won't stop me from going back for lunch on my own, but it would certainly stop me from introducing my friends to the place.  I would find it embarrassing to take them to a restaurant that didn't treat us well."
	: "I love this place.  Authentic Greek cuisine at a decent price.  Chefs prepare all dishes just like they do in Athens, Mykonos, and Santorini.  Mythos, Greek beer, complements all the entrees.  Good for groups.  Crazy to read menu.  Tasso was such a great waiter - very welcoming. He's such a nice guy and will make anyone feel right at home with his conversation.  Go here and Go Greek!"
	: "So far, my favorite cafe in Amherst. Went for the first time last week and sat at the bar (avoided the crying children!). We split the french toast special and the standard blueberry pancakes. Both were delicious! Will definitely go back and try more."
	: "One of my faves in downtown claremont. Its healthy, refreshing, and flavorful. You can order on the phone and pick it up to go if you're in a rush. The place is small and has 7 tables tops with booths and chairs. It's affordable but a little bit on the pricey side. The menu is broken up by sides, proteins, and sauces. If they didn't close so early I would eat there after work all the time! \n\nTheir salmon is delicious! You have to get it with steamed vegetables, basmati rice, and the apple aoli sauce! The sauce is sooooo good! \n\nTheir blackened chicken is juicy and flavorful. They have a mustard sauce that goes w this or you can choose one of their lemon sauces! \n\nI love their pasta sald with balsamic vinegar and cherry tomatoes! This place is very good!!! Yay for D. Grubbs!"
	: "\"Fang gave me a layered razor cut and a straight razor neck shave.\"\n\nIt's not often you get to say a sentence like that without being into S&M... but don't worry... Fang is a woman... and she didn't abuse me at all! Quite the opposite! \n\nHands down, the best $25 haircut I've recieved in Atlanta! (Also my first, but, hey... if it's not broke, don't fix it.)\n\nI made an on-line reservation, walked right in and was offered a Coke!\nThe haircut was super solid!\nNeck shave with a straight razor!\nHot Towel!\nand... Eye Brow Trim? \n\nUh... Ok... I guess I needed it? \n\nWhat else can I say? It was a great experience all around! Friendly staff that instinctively understood that I like my haircuts like I like my women... smart, efficient, and lathered in shaving cream! \n\nI'll be back!"
	: "Loving LimeRed Teahouse! It is my go to spot for a quick sip...Lychee Iced Tea with Boba is my drink of choice. The staff is polite and quick. Bathrooms are very clean,too!"
	: "Oh, the Fabulous Fox...how I love thee. From the first time I walked into this gorgeous building...I knew that this would be one of my favorite places in Atlanta. It's hard to put into words how beautiful this theater. I honestly feel, as if, I've stepped back in time whenever I walk through their doors. So many great people/groups have performed here...you can feel that history. \n\nA few things to note...\n* Concessions are pretty good here...variety of food and drinks, as well as two large bars. They also sell coffee drinks, which is a bonus if you have a boyfriend who loves espresso like mine. \n* The ceiling of the theater...there are no words how beautiful it is. It's a beautiful night sky...just lovely. \n* Bathroom lines can tend to be long...so I suggest sneaking out a few moments before intermission to go. \n* The Fox website has a feature when purchasing tickets where you are able to see the actual view of the stage of where your seat will be. It's pretty cool. I honestly don't think there is a bad seat in the house though. I've been close to the stage and far back in the balcony and have enjoyed every show.\n\nI've seen such a variety of shows here. To name a few...Oklahoma, Wicked, Cats, Phantom (traveling Broadway), My Morning Jacket, Widespread Panic, Stomp (musical shows), Alvin Ailey (dance) and a bunch of Atlanta Ballet shows (Nutcracker, Romeo & Juliet, Swan Lake).\n\nBottom-line - everyone (artists, comedians, dance companies) want to perform on this stage. There's nothing better than that.  \n\nOk...sometimes ticket prices can be a tad high, but if your resourceful...you can find discounted nights for most shows. Or...you can always go to a matinee...they tend to be lower. \n\nOverall...if you have never experienced this magical place...I highly suggest to buy tickets for the next show they have. I promise you'll back again soon."
	: "Their pesto pasta is amazing, as is the bread.\n\nMy favorite pasta place around USC. Go to any event on campus, and guaranteed at least once a week someone's catering Vistango because they're that AWESOME.\n\nPasta's heavy on the flavors, but oh so good."
	: "Best authentic mexican food in area!!! the spicy chorico tacos were like we were in mexico. I had the burrito with the spicy pork and it was perfect( love the cheese need to know what kind of cheese that was)  My wife had the enchillads with salsa verde and it was incredible also.. great family run place and great wait staff.. very polite and attentitive.  Also must try the Margarita verry good.. Will go here often.. prices are very good also.."
	: "This is an excellent floral shop, in downtown and just a block from main campus.  They have a wide variety of flowers, from birds of paradise to hybrid roses.  They will wrap your arrangement beautifully for you to give as a gift.  They also have delivery services, which is very convenient and efficient.  The staff is wonderful in helping to choose an arrangement for the occasion."
	: "Yeah baby.... The big fat chocolate brick is awesome! I've gone through two (in four months), I'm ready for  a third big fat brick of chocolate!"
	: "Player's has kind of a bad rep around town. But with all the other club closings, it's one of the few places you can get your dance on. It seems to have more space than the Library, but the atmosphere is definitely lacking. They keep it dark and it always feels a little dirty. What the other reviewer says is true -- underage patrons are everywhere, easily spotted in their denim minis, rainbows, and heavy eyeshadow. There's a couch section that invariably has someone quite nearly having sex on it. It's upstairs, and there's almost always a line to get in on the weekends, so clearly it's popular with some folks. I will say that the Holy Grails (mystery house cocktail) are very potent and easily sippable. And the DJs do a nice job mixing in older and current hip-hop and R&B stuff. And to change their image, they have implemented a dress code (no wife beaters, gentlemen)."
	: "Those of you looking for a nice night out could certainly do worse than a $40 four-course tasting menu at Craigie On Main. The catch? It's only available after 9 o'clock on Sundays and, barring a food allergy, is completely predetermined by the chef. I have no problem leaving my meal in the hands of a James Beard award-winning chef, but others might. My friend and I, who are always looking for fine-dining at affordable prices, stumbled across the Chef's Whim, and knew we had to try it. We had both been to Craigie before and been disappointed, but saw this as an opportunity to set things right.\n\nWe actually opted for the $55 six-course meal, but could have easily done with the cheaper version. Everything was the same between the two tasting menus (as we saw firsthand with the table ordering next to us), except for two supplemental courses, a cheesy pumpkin soup with grilled cheese and pork belly (rich and decadent, and maybe worth the extra cost alone), and a scoop of blackberry sorbet (lame, and a waste of a \"course\").\n\nThe dishes that overlapped in both menus ranged from good to excellent. My favorite was probably the cod cheek tempura, served with pickled peppers, preserved lemon, and a decent smattering of squid ink. There was a lot of salt in this dish, but it was not overpowering in the slightest. Seared swordfish with clams, whelks, and \"early fall succotash\" (which my friend aptly described as the vegetable portion of a tv dinner) came next. It was light and refreshing, and the sea critters were cooked perfectly.\n\nOur main entree, if you will, was a chicken thigh confit that was rather hard to dissect, both physically and flavor-wise. I wrote down the laundry list of ingredients presented by the waiter, but had trouble pinpointing some of them within the dish. I'm still drooling, however, thinking of the skin on our chicken. I may be 6'1\" and a lean 170 lbs, but I'm a fatty through and through. Now onto dessert. : )\n\nAfter my previous brunch here included sour milk panna cotta, I was a little disappointed to see it served for dinner as well. It is a delicious and texturally complex dish (the coriander casher granola is a perfect accompaniment), but I wish I got to try something different--preferably something with chocolate. For $40, I will definitely be back some Sunday in hopes of having my wish granted."
	: "This is a nice place with nice food, not great food. Maybe my expectations are too high these days, at least for pricey restaurants. I brought my own wine, so with corkage for two people dinner was $150 with tip. For that price I expect fantastic food, it was fine. Service was good and the atmosphere was fine, uninspired but nice. They were also really mice to accommodate last minute reservations on a Saturday night on graduation weekend."
	: "Never eaten here, but I guess it's a good place to go for happy hour and last I heard, happy hour is every day at this place?!  That's pretty awesome cause the happy hour specials are pretty cheap.  I don't think I've seen cheap specials that frequently, especially when a long island iced tea is part of it too?  Crazy.  Catch some beers, shots, rails, whatever, and your wallet probably won't get THAT much damage compared to another bar."
	: "crap pizza. crap salads. with so much good cheap food in berkeley why settle for blondies?"
	: "Every time that I come home this is one of the places that I like to go.  They make really good burgers.  They are cooked on what tasts like an open bbq.  They use all fresh topings to make the burger taste yummy.\n\nI also really like their fries.  There are not that many places that make good burgers and fries.  This place has it down.  Good fries and good burgers.  \n\nIf you are looking for a salad, they make a pretty amazing tri-tip salad."
	: "I had take-out from here often when I was a student. I particularly enjoy the Pad Thai, Lard Na Puck, and green curries. The food isn't write-home-to-mother great, but it is yummy and not too expensive. \nThe restaurant itself is a tad on the small side, but is a particularly nice spot for lunch when it's not too crowded. The wait staff are attentive. \n\nThey also make a killer Thai Iced Tea, with tons of cream. YUM!"
	: "When out-of-towners come for a visit, you can bet yer butt that they're gonna ask to be taken down to those quintessential spots that \"Keep Austin Weird\".  You cringe a little when the request comes, but you oblige because it's your home-town duty to do so.  The drag, however, is the one spot off this list that I probably dread making the tour of the most.  It seems more like a memorial ground than a tourist spot to me.  \n\nWalking down that long stretch of Guadalupe, from 21st to 25th, I hardly remember what it looked like when I was a student at UT.  And I'm sure those that came and went before me have all said the same thing.  By the time I got there, Metro had taken over the old Quack's spot, a fact that my Italian professor lamented on the regular.  The Barnes and Noble, which I didn't particularly care for, but whose magazine racks I often raided for updates on the latest fashion trends or celebrity gossip is now part of the UT Co-Op complex.  Tear drops fell from my eyes when the CC's Coffee sign came down, and so went my favorite soy chai latte in town.  :(  Bye-bye, Gap, you I don't miss.  \n\nThe most notable of the fallen soldiers, however, has to be the loss of Tower Records.  It held steady for many years at the corner of 24th and Guadalupe, a bastion amongst other businesses with less Austin flare (I realize it wasn't local, but it had character).  And then it fell, yet another casualty and a sign of our changing times.  For a while it stood empty, and walking by you could still see the colorful prints on the walls that gave Tower a lot of its street cred and funk.  And I almost wondered if it would stay empty as a symbol of all that the drag has traded in exchange for more dollah dollah bills.  Intellectual Property, however, has now filled its space with books where Vinyl and CD's once stood.  And in fairness, it is cooler than the B & N.\n\nAt least the drag rats and Renaissance market are still holding strong.  Like roaches, those parts of Austin will never die!"
	: "Fantastic service! I'm getting IPL treatments from a Groupon. The service has been thorough, timely and successful.  I've had IPL previously so I don't have much hyperpigmentation left to take off but the IPL really helps with my pores and skin tone in general. There is no down time after each procedure. Would highly recommend to anyone!"
	: "I arrived with my wonderful wife to this highly yelped establishment & found a no frills place w/ a small open dinning room w/ limited decor, bright lighting & a sort of intimate customer base that suggested that no one was leaving anytime soon.  There were only 3 tables left, 1 literally touching the front glass of the pastry display case, 1 blocking the kitchen exit, & a 6 top right in the thick of it.  A guy, who ended up being our waiter that night suggested the we take the one in front of the pastry counter, said it was the least molested & we took his suggestion.  I quickly ordered 2 Turkish beers, said to be like Shiner & Budweiser, of which I quickly disagreed.  They tasted more like a Killians Red (even though not red in color), & a Heineken, both good.  On the table free of cost, like chips & salsa, a sesame pita thing w/ a sesame & spice dip that is awesome!!!\n\nI was happy to see the beers come out fast & even happier when the waiter actually started taking interest in our having the best dinning experience possible.  I always ask the wait staff \"What is good?\"  I figure they are there all the time, they should know, or work somewhere else.  SIDE NOTE: (I hate it when I'm told \"Everything, or I don't have a favorite.\"  In addition, I don't like it when they say something like, I like the salad, or the burger, just because.  This tells me that they, & possibly the restaurant, has no imagination what-so-ever & is not taking pride in the food that they do have.)  The waiter promptly took the normal stance that we were American scaredy cats & that we are looking for Americanized safe food.  Oh contrar mona mi.  I have been half way around the world, food is my hobby!!!  So I proceeded to pry out of him what he likes on the menu, because frankly, I'm pretty sure he was Turkish!!!  lol.  After letting down his normal guard, he proceeded to tell us the things on the menu that he really likes & why.  Come to find out they are the things that are closest to what his mom makes him at home!!!  He suggested 4 things, paired w/ one another because each enhances the taste of the other.  We proceeded to order the full sampler because it had all 4, the suggested 4, plus 4 more!!!  If you get this sampler, be sure you have 4 people or more...lol  It comes with pickled beens, picked leeks, the yogurt sauce, egg plant salad, humus, a Turkish pico, & I forget the other 2.  I loved the pico, yogurt & humus the best  They pickle everything in Turkey I guess...lol  They give you the sesame pita like thing to dip in these samplers as well.  When it arrived the waiter was sure to explain to us all 8 of the items & bring us more pita.\n\nFor the entre we ordered the Turkish pizza which is a very thin pita w/ a \"lamb spread\" on it, then baked, but not to crunchy status.  I wondered why, but not for long because along comes the waiter again w/ instructions on how to eat the pizza.  You load it up w/ all the vegetables that were served on the side, then roll it up like a tortilla & eat it.  We were then again surprised by the waiter when he brought us a double shot glass sized glass full of what reminds me of the Indian salty lassy yogurt drink.  He tells us, take a bite of the rolled pizza, then a drink of the salty drink, & guess what?  It was perfect!!!  No better match of drink & food could be made.  Along w/ the Turkish pizza, we got a plate of lamb kabobs & rice w/ more side vegetables, pickled of course...lol  This was also good, but by this time I was stuffed, so I didn't eat as much of it.  I did however have a little of a sweet tooth after that meal though &asked what the waiter suggested.  With a Grinch like grin on his face, he told us that he had the perfect desert, but it was off menu, & $5.  Would we be interested?  Of course we were!!!  He hadn't been wrong all night!  A couple minutes later he brings out this little aluminum Turkish looking skillet, very hot, & in the middle is a couple of their \"hay stack\" looking things, smashed down into a pancake, soaked in maybe honey & butter & browned?  On top of it is a tiny scoop of heaven, otherwise known as Belgian Cream...  Of all the Mediterranean, or Turkish deserts that I have ever had, this has been the best & I would recommend it every time.  The waiter actually made it for us himself, & it is his favorite dessert that his mom makes!!! We also ordered a Turkish coffee (kinda like an espresso shot), & a Turkish hot tea (like a double shot of hot English breakfast tea).  Ladies, ask to have them tell your story from the coffee cup!!!  A perfect & wonderful ending to a perfect & wonderful meal & night.\n\nI would recommend this restaurant to all those interested in good & authentic Turkish food w/ great service & a very good price.  With 4 drinks, a 4 person appetizer, 2 entres, an off the menu dessert, a Turkish coffee, & a hot Turkish tea, our bill was under $50.  Not bad for 2 full hours of eating, which only seemed like 45 minute.  Better then Fadi's!!!"
	: "For those of us who are not aficionados of beer, their beer sampler is an excellent way to go. Great place for friends & families."
	: "I usually go here on Thursday nights because it is easy for my group of friends to meet here.  The service is good and they do have good specials.  The prices are average for the greater Boston area for food and prices.  I pizza is going to be around 8 to 13 dollars, where mixed drinks are around 9 dollars.\n\nI don't really have anything more to say because the food is just ok.  It is not good or bad.  I will still go, so hopefully I can adjust this review in time."
	: "I had the best Tex-Mex brunch at Trudy's that I have ever had in my life. I don't remember what I ordered, but I'll describe it. The bottom layer consisted of spicy black beans, peppers and onions seasoned perfectly. On top of that was a crispy tortilla.... Then two fried eggs with runny yolks. As if that weren't enough, fresh, thinly sliced ham topped the eggs and there was a mild salsa drenching that! Just, order that. My Mom gobbled up the benedict and the service was great."
	: "good korean fast food.  so what if latinos cook the food..95%of CA restaurants have Latino cooks or short order cooks assisting the chef even at top restaurants in San Francisco.  Korean fast food is not rocket science.  For seven bucks, who needs to pay 2O usd...at other places for one item"
	: "Not really my scene. The people were pretty wild. One guy pour beer over his own head. Another was cursing out Jose Cuervo then became s bug a boo. At the end of the night while trying to leave a fight broke out between a drunk guy and the bouncer so we were blocked in from leaving. I will not be returning."
	: "One of the best Japanese restaurants around. No Hibachi tabled but still excellent sushi and bento boxes. Cappuccino was excellent too. Go figure - a Japanese place that makes great coffee. Will go over and over again."
	: "This is my go-to Chinese take-out. Great food, good prices. I like the noodle dishes, my boyfriend usually gets the dinner combos with an egg roll. We also like the steamed veggie dumplings, egg drop soup and wonton soup. \n\nCash only is a bummer, but not the end of the world."
	: "Habibi? More like Ha-bye-bye.\n\nTell, me is it really necessary for 2 people to be charged $60 for food and hookah? The place isn't a god forsaken fancy bistro or anything. The place actually looks more suitable for hippies, strippers, and drunks (minus the poles). The hummus was ho-hum, I remember taking more than half our food home in hopes of not having to eat it later. The hookah, well you can't go wrong w/ hookah. If given the choice, the only reason I'd go back to that place is for hookah only.\n\nSomebody tell the owners to adjust their prices to match it's atmosphere and quality of food because they are in way over their heads."
	: "Are you drunk? Is it around 3am? Are you in downtown Berkeley? Well then, you better head down to Top Dog, purveyor of quality dogs to drunken students for many a year. They have around, what, 25, 30 different kinds of meat dogs, and exactly 1 kind of veggie dog, called the \"weenie\". When I was there one time with my vegetarian friend, he naturally ordered the veggie option. When it was done, the owner shouts out: \"One weenie, who's got the weenie here?\" 40 drunken college students couldn't have been happier. Aah, the old ones are the best ones."
	: "Any bratwurst/bockburst combination with whatever condiments you desire is a win. I do prefer the Top Dog on south side though, but simply because it has a bit more character. \n\nTip: Don't get the chili and cheese, no matter how tempting it sounds. The cheese is not melted and the chili is... beany. \n\nBon app\u00e9tit!"
	: "They are evil evil evil since I know I'll keep coming back regardless of the sky-high prices, the rubbery/bland food and coffee that should be ashamed to call itself that. Why? It's in a primo location which is probably the only reason they stay in business and the tables are good for study sessions. And the service isn't bad. \n\nThey've played CD's on repeat which can make one never forget their headphones again.\n\nSmoothies are possibly worse than the coffee as they have no resemblance to real fruit and taste like (bad) pureed Yoplait with ice. \n\nEven their damned ice teas are pricey and they only have one flavor. *runs to Zoka's*\n\nAnd chai lattes are one of my favorite drinks in the world which happened to taste nothing like chai ... or much milk. Just a vague watery concoction of nutmeg. Blegh."
	: "Liza was funny. Class went by quickly. I learned a few things. I would definitely recommend it. Oh yeah, and you get free passes to the big show."
	: "Amazing cookies and ice-cream-try the peanut butter ice-cream with white chocolate macademia cookies!!! yummmmmm!\n\nNegatives: Loooonnnngggg lines, staff appears overworked and rude at times."
	: "Let's have a sit-down sushi restaurant in the size of a dorm room!!! really, it's that small and I would never want to eat there unless maybe it were summer, christmas, thanksgiving... any time when school isn't in session. \n\nThe food isn't bad for cheap, fast sushi... i suppose. I really like the spicy tuna roll which I get to-go (and I usually have to wait like 10 minutes for it, but at least I get to see them make it to order) and they have some hot tea for you to sip on while you wait. I've tried a few other things on the menu but, I really wouldn't recommend it unless you're just looking for an alternative to all the fried rices and egg rolls and heavy pastas and slabs of meat that you normally find at asian ghetto. \n\nThe 'finding nemo' roll picture on the outside (don't know if it's still there), is it... an advertisement? to be funny? it's like a cartoon picture of nemo, cut up in a roll, and SMILING?!?!  highly, HIGHLY disturbing."
	: "This place is so trashy I usually buy a pitcher for myself and drink right from the pitcher. Recently someone had the bright idea of hiring a band during BTC to create additional noise and decrease seating space on the patio.\n\nA great place to come if you have to go out with friends or coworkers and don't want to hear a word they are saying.\n\nThe price of a pitcher hasn't matched the hour for years. The name of their happy hour should be changed from beat the clock to beat the wallet.\n\nThe funny thing about BTC is that you run into everyone you have met previously in class or at some party the week before. Forgot to get her number? Find her at BTC."
	: "*** Friday - Lunch\n\nDirty Pho, as Su K. calls it:\nhttp://www.yelp.com/biz/pho-75-hyattsville#hrid:GSQpWsHSqfyJoAwMnZKmmw/src:search/query:dirty%20pho\n\nThis wasn't where I popped my Pho cherry, but it was the place that popped my Pho cherry's cherry back in good ol' 1991. I remember that spring day like it was yesterday. I almost jizzed my pants here that day. It's very basic, as other Pho 75 locations are. They have Pho and that's about it. No appetizers, no pork chops, nada.\n\nThe Pho here justifies the absence of other dishes though. Pho is really good most of the time. I say most of the time because, just like any other Pho places, it can be a little different day to day, and that is totally acceptable because bones and meats all don't come from the same cow. They come from happy cows, sad cows, and bikerbitch cows.\n\nGetting back to the Pho, sit down, order, and whatever you ordered will be out in front of you in less than 2 minutes. I guarantee this and am willing to bet both of Anson P.'s thumbs on this. I've been here 4 times in the past few weeks, and it's been good to great every time. Almost the same as I remember from back on that spring day in 1991. Noodles are cooked just right, meats are nice and tender and juicy, tendon is tendony, and the broth is ALWAYS piping hot. Like burn your tongue and mouth hot. The dish of sprouts, basil, jalapenos, lime, and sometimes culantro is usually fresh. Maybe being a local chain has its merits.\n\nStill one of my favorite Pho places in the DC area. Nice and dirty. I made a revelation during my meal here. I ordered a large #1 with NOTHING ELSE. No extra meat, no extra noodles. Nothing. I'm still so proud of myself that I patted myself on the back every 4 hours ever since until my update below.\n\n4.5 stars\n\n---------------------------------------------------------\n\n*** Update: How to spend $20 at Pho 75 on one bowl of Pho and free water\n\n1. Order a large bowl of Pho   $6.95\n2. Order onion in vinegar         $0.50\n3. Order extra noodles             $1.50\n4. Order extra meatballs          $1.50\n5. Order extra tai                        $1.50\n6. Order extra chin                    $1.50\n7. Order extra tendons             $1.50\n8. Order extra nam                    $1.50\n9. Order extra sach                   $1.50\n10. Order extra gau                   $1.50\n                                                     --------\n                                                    $19.45\n                                            Tax  $ 1.17\n                                                     --------\n                                                    $20.62\n                                            Tip   $  4.00\n                                                     --------\n                                                     $24.62"
	: "They DO take cards now, with only a 25 cent charge if your order is under $10. I have gone here three to four times a week since I was a freshman..and its one of the things ill miss most about UCSD. I adore both their drinks and their pastries (chocolate croissants, if bought around 8am, are still warm!!). When I am short on cash they sell me chai on good faith, simply noting my name on a post-it to pay them back later, truly a magical place."
	: "I've been coming here for over ten years.  Lulu's is Lulu's and it will never change but fortunately their Fried Tofu (big plate), hot and sour soup, and crab rangoon have never changed, and neither has my love of very unhealthy fried food.\n\nif you come here for dinner the service is terrible but you'll get your food eventually.\n\nif you come here for lunch your food will come out very quick and extremely hot, and it may or may not arrive around the same time your dining companion's food arrives.\n\nit's cheap.\n\nit's greasy.\n\nthe spicy peanut noodle bowl is DELISH. So is the fried tofu, egg roll, hot and sour soup, crab rangoon, curry, and pad thai."
	: "It's about what you'd expect - t-shirts, posters and other commemorative gifts relating to Krannert's guest performers.  You can also pick up jewelry and knick-knacks at prices that rival the mall shops, and it's artsier (I think I just made up a word) here.  I've purchased a few pairs of earrings here.  Interesting kaleidoscopes, Chi balls, scarves, greeting cards, etc."
	: "Frankly, I was pleasantly surprised after reading the awful reviews. It's not fine dining, but the menu seemed to have been recently updated and featured a lot of interesting choices. My girlfriend and I both got the new sliders, which were pretty good. We didn't have any problems with the service -- in fact, the restaurant was not crowded at all even on a Friday night. \n\nTip: Don't forget change for the parking meter!"
	: "Was a great help and I would gladly use his services again...\n\nAlthough my particular debts were outside of his expertise (private and federal student loans specifically) he was very kind and took the time to meet with me on a Saturday which really helped because I work 9-5 M-F. \n\nHe was informative and up to date on his information and steered me in the right direction with my issues even though that meant sending me away to a different specialty lawyer. He was fair and honest and could have easily led me on but gave me the facts straight up which made the whole process go smoother for me, I highly recommend Cliff for any type of typical bankruptcy filing, he was very patient."
	: "Taste: 5\nValue: 4\nService: 4\n\nCame here after running the Nike Women's Half marathon, so I definitely had an appetite. On recommendation from our friend, I tried the Alameda. Two pieces of french toast with thinly sliced ham and sauteed mushrooms in the middle. Top it off with two eggs, over easy, and hollandaise sauce to top it off. The bottom has a balsamic vinegar reduction which complements the sweetness of the french toast."
	: "We came on a pretty busy Sunday night and we (party of 2) didn't have to wait for a table. They even moved us to a more intimate spot once one opened up. The decor is lovely , high ceilings with beautiful cream lamp shades and wrought iron chadeliers. It has a very cozy, but not cramped feel to it. \n\nThe drinks and food are very reasonably priced. There semed to be only one waitress, 2 managers, and a food runner. But we didn't have to wait too long for anything. \n\nThe fried catfish fingers were delicious with a spicy remoulade, an appetizer or perfect portion of you just want a little something to nibble on, and to save room for dessert. My friend had the fish and chips, which were pretty standard, nothing out of this world, but good and reliable. I had the coconut/pineapple cake. It was pretty good, the icing was a little too sweet, but that's my only complaint about the entire night. I'd certainly have the cake again.\n\nI will absolutely be back, and possibly on my birthday because twice while we were there the owner/ manager erupted into a jubliant rendition of Stevie WOnder's Happy Birthday and encouraged the whole place to join her and brought out red velvet cake for the 2 birthday people. It made me feel special and they weren't even singing to me.\n\nMy date was a bust and he spent half the night on the phone, FAIL.\nBut dinner at Melba's definite, WIN."
	: "WORST BUBBLE TEA PLACE in AUSTIN. \n\nTea Lounge up on Parmer blows this place out of the water.\n\nNegatives:\nSaw the employee microwave tapioca balls. No wonder they are always overdone and mushy. (have been the past 5 times I've been) \n\nSlow service. Looks like there are so many components in their drinks it takes forever! Not worth the wait\n\nLess drink, more ice. They put lots of ice cubes that fill up half the cup so your drink is gone in seconds.\n\nExpensive for quantity.\n\nSmall parking lot that is shared with several businesses and difficult to maneuver out on a busy 24th street\n\nPositives:\nNone?\n\nHow this place has stayed in business boggles me? Slow services and bad quality tapioca balls. Does anybody buy the little trinkets in the store?? Need $5 minimum to use credit cards. Today, they messed up my order and my gf's order and didn't bother correcting them because it would take too long. Not coming back to this place."
	: "Excellent large park open to the public. Some nice areas, shady trees, water with ducks, plenty of benches. Right by all the museums and close by the zoo and millers outdoor theatre. Just lovely"
	: "In what may be typical Pittsburgh style, there were fries in my buffalo salad... right under the buffalo chicken. I don't think the menu mentioned that. Not that I mind too much. Almost any American food you order around this area comes with them.\n\nThe service is pretty decent, though your food may take a while to come out if you happen to go during the lunch hour rush. (There are a limited number of restaurants in the area after all). The place also serves as a bar, so the lighting is pretty dim inside... unless you happen to be seated right by the full window wall.\n\nI definitely don't mind coming here on occasion. Everything is pretty standard, and I usually know what to expect."
	: "A real clean & quaint store that I'd always stop by at during breaks when I used to work on Telegraph. They're known mostly as the store that has the Nike SB account, and I've copped some pairs without any problem at MSRP prices. The staff is real chill and by no means overbearing, which I totally dig. A nod and \"let me know if you need anything\" is all that's required by me, and that's what they give."
	: "Well, the door says \"Critics Not Welcome.\" does this mean Yelpers are not welcome, because that means I was not welcome; oh well. \n- A Lot of Food: Win \n- Location (at the mall) : Really Win \n-Nice employees: Win. \n-The fact that I had to wait a hour to get a table for 3 (well it was 1:00 pm on Saturday, but still): Really Lose. \n- Many locations in the Bay Area: Win \n-They forgot to bring my iced tea (they were busy so it was an honest mistake): Lose \nMax's Is a good family and group restaurant. But if you are planning to go at 1 pm on Saturday make reservations ahead of time."
	: "Delicious quick bite. I've heard about this place from so many people and finally got to try it. A yummy treat, and friendly service."
	: "I send people all over this fine country for business and personal travel.  When I don't know the area, I turn to Yelp for advice.  Torrey Pines Town Car was the first car service that popped up for the San Diego area, and it did not disappoint!\n\nWhen I called TPTC, I spoke with Najib.  He was friendly, professional, thorough, and all around AWESOME.  A few days later, I called with a need for the Anaheim area of California, and he referred me to another company in the area.  Where other companies might have just kept my business and charged the higher rate, Najib was all about the customer service.  He made sure that I would still get stellar service from their affiliate company, but didn't want to charge us the extra $$.\n\nUpon their return to MN, I spoke with the people who were in the car.  They said that the driver was friendly and polite, and did a great job.  I will definitely be using Torrey Pines for any future needs in San Diego, and you should, too!"
	: "Not impressed. Got a burger and a chillie dog. The service was pretty okay. \n\nIn the end I feel i paid alil too much (including tip) for an average meal.\n\nWon't come back here unless someone is else is paying!"
	: "To be honest, the ONLY reason I keep going to Brew Co is its proximity to my apartment, and stumbling back through Westwood beats passing out in a bus. The unfortunate truth is that there's nothing brewing at Brew Co that you couldn't find in a thousand other pubs across LA. But if you're in the area and don't want to deal with the the other (singular) bar in Westwood, then its not an awful last resort."
	: "Decent sandwiches and salads, but the process of queuing to order, then queuing to collect the food, then queuing to pay is just too long and ridiculous if you plan to be out in less than 15 mins. Plus, I've been 4 times, and the women at the cash register never even acknowledge customers, just chat amongst themselves."
	: "Hmm, it's really puzzling to me that this place has an average of 4 stars. I recently moved to Claremont and have been exploring my new neighborhood, and I just returned from my first trip to Pollos Kikiryki. To give a bit of background, I love food and tend to give most restaurants 4 stars. This place really disappointed me.\n\nI ordered the half rotisserie chicken and 1 side, and chose the salad as my side. The chicken was tasty, but honestly was not any better than the grocery store deli rotisserie chickens. In fact, the skin seem particularly fatty underneath, and there were several spots where the skin and meat were overcooked to a dry stringy mess. The meat did not \"fall off the bone,\" as some reviewers have said. The green sauce was also tasty, but actually rather bland, and did not compensate for the overall mediocre flavor of the chicken. The salad was literally several piece of iceberg lettuce, a couple slices of tomato and cucumber, and what tasted like Wishbone bottled Italian dressing. I ate in the restaurant, and when I asked for tortillas, I was told that it would be 75 cents for two tortillas.\n\nThe run-down looking restaurant has zero ambience, with old plastic booths, and the food was served on styrofoam plates with plastic utensils. The service, while cordial enough, was not particularly friendly or enthusiastic. I'm no cheapskate, and will gladly pay good money for delicious food or a nice ambience; but for the quality of food that I got, and the rather depressing feel of the place, I did not think the experience was at all worth the $8.50 I spent there.\n\nI hate to give negative reviews, especially to small businesses, but I felt I had to add my honest 2 cents to all the oddly positive reviews listed here. I can't understand why anyone would call this place a hidden gem by any stretch of the imagination. I will very likely not be back, as there are many better options in Claremont."
	: "When I want to invest in quality shrubs & need a guarantee it will thrive, this is my go to.  If your shrub fails, you return it. It's that easy. I'm embarrassed to say I  have had to take advantage of this very service a few times in the past decade despite the fact that their plants are that good. Plus their friendly staff really know their stuff. So if you want a gorgeous garden & you want the knowledge & know how plus quality products that are guaranteed, this is your gardening haven."
	: "First rate wine and liquor shop with friendly, knowledgeable clerks. Never mobbed, easy to navigate, and on top of it all, very classy decor."
	: "On my way home from work, I always walk by this place and I always see people walking into here.  So I decided to give it a shot and see what's up.  I'm not a health freak or a food guru nor am I picky about food but this place is just plain bad.  The $5/meal is pretty decent until they charge you an extra $2 for lo mein instead of rice.  But the biggest thing that bothers me is the huge puddle of oil that the food sits in.  Again, I'm not a health freak but eatting this food just made me feel guilty.  With every bite, I think about getting a heart attack at 27.  There's as much oil as there sauce and you see the thick oil floating above. don't expect a fantastic dining area either.  it's dark and feels icky.  \n\nI've had my fair share of cheap chinese food, and this is probably the worst I've tried."
	: "The waitress and waiter are sooo beautiful and friendly. i thought i was in a indian palace except all the beauties are americans. \nthe food are great! highly recommend"
	: "I lived within walking distance from this beautiful garden for a year and I didn't even know about it! *kicks self in the head*  I seriously felt more alive after walking through the roses, smelling the fragrance of the flowers and green grass, and frolicking in the cool museums surrounding it.  I have finally discovered something you can experience in LA for FREEEEEE!\n\nI'm actually really excited to bring my sweetie here, maybe for a picnic."
	: "After realizing that we couldn't do anything about my dead car, my boyfriend and I said \"F*ck it\" and walked down to Barney's Beanery one June night. I walk by this place all the time when I'm in Westwood, and for some reason, had the impression that it was some cool Irish/British joint from the outside. Stupid me. \n\nWe sat down and took one look at the menu, and it was anything but. It was probably one of the most random menus I've ever seen in my life. They had all sorts of food, but I don't think it translated in a good way. It really had no focus, and it was shown in the quality of the food they put out. \n\nI ordered the clam chowder... I don't know what it was, but it was definitely not clam chowder. It tasted sour! Ew. So I didn't really have much to eat that night. Their onion rings were okay, but I think every American bar should get that down, so no kudos for okay onion rings. Rick said his burger was okay.\n\nBut it is a bar, and we still had fun despite the bad food. Its a great place to hang out and to drink. It got pretty rowdy in there, with all the karaoke. It's one of those bars that decorates by sticking random objects, pictures and gadgets on their walls and ceilings, which is fine by me. Kinda cool looking at all the random stuff. We talked, enjoyed a couple Tecate beers and watched Caddyshack on their many TVs. \n\nBottom line: I'd come here to drink, but not to eat.\n\nJen\nwww.foodforhunters.blogspot.com"
	: "Shay's patio in the summer can't be beat.  But in the winter it is still a nice dive bar.  By dive I mean no frills, kind of dark, exposed pipes and bricks, floors a bit sticky.  I've also seen an actual bar fight there one night which was kind of exciting.  But for the most part its a chill place to meet for drinks.\n\nBeer and wine only but a good selection of both."
	: "This is one of my favorite bars to hang out in Urbana. Whenever I feel like listening to some jazz music, I would check this place out because many local musicians play here. The food here is super CHEAP. I think the salmon burger is just $4 and 1lb fries for $2. It is excellent with their black pepper sauce. They have specials on other days as well."
	: "Let me say that I have never been to Chicago, so I don't know how it's supposed to taste, but I do know how it is supposed to be prepared.\nDeep dish, thick crust, all the toppings, then sauce poured all over the top.  Also, this is the kind of pizza that must be eaten with a fork and spoon.\nThis was the first time I've had chicago style pizza and it was delicious.  Especially when paired with a beer that the guy with an awesome mustache recommended."
	: "I really enjoy this bar a lot.  It has several rooms with lots of dark corners and plenty of tables for good conversation.  They have darts and pool and amazing plates of cheese.  The beer selection is good and there is plenty of parking on the street and in a lot that, depending on the time, is free."
	: "First, let me say this was once my favorite place for Guay Teo Kaek.  It was authentic Thai, right down to the potato chips and hard-boiled egg.  The Tord Mun (fried fish cakes) were about the best in Austin, too.  If you timed it right, you could also get the best sticky rice with mango for dessert.\n\nThen the crazy ladies and the tall guy took over about 5 or so years ago.\n\n...\n\nEnd of Review. No, really."
	: "I enjoy Fins. I got a Del Mar today (fish taco, shrimp burrito). I am surprised the combinations meals do not come with a drink though. \n\nOverall, I really enjoy Fins."
	: "As a woman who works on her feet full time I regretfully say that I have never had a pedicure.  Until today that is.  What was I thinking?  I could not be happier with my experience at Queen Nail.  It was so so so clean which was very important for me.  I went late afternoon on a Monday and was the only person in there (which i enjoyed) But i suspect they'd be busier at a more high traffic time.  My pedicure was wonderful and the massage chair didn't hurt either! There is a quiet tv playing and a vast selection of trashy magazines (double thumbs up).  Worth every penny, and it wasn't that many seeing as the pedi was only 25!  You can pay on your debit/credit card but don't forget cash to tip these awesome ladies."
	: "I was craving a bahn mi for lunch, but working in University City typically leaves me without any bahn mi options. Rather than venture into center city for my fix, I decided to wander around on campus at the lunch hour. I happened upon Chez Yasmine at 37th and Spruce in front of Vance Hall and was immediately excited to find tofu bahn mi on the menu, along with a number of other veg-friendly options. \n\nWoo, that was one spicy sandwich. I asked the food truck chef to go light on the spice and he obliged, but I also made the mistake of biting into one of the jalepenos. Yowza. It was delicious, overall. The spiced ground tofu, slices of cucumber and shredded carrots were nestled inside of a delightful crusty baguette. It was very nice, and I was especially excited to have a vegetarian sandwich to add to my work lunch options. I'll definitely come back and try out one of the other vegetarian options like the Gretchen quinoa salad or the Vegetarian Couscous. The owner/chef was very enthusiastic and warm. He took my picture for his facebook customer album and it made me feel very welcome."
	: "I really wanted to like this place given the dearth of sushi restaurants in the area.\n\nFor the price and quality of the sushi and rolls, I'd have to say that I've had better.  All of the rolls ranged from $6 to $16 (with veggie being the cheapest and the crazy rolls with everything and the kitchen sink on the high end).  The nigiri ranges from $3.50 to MP.  \n\nMy biggest gripe has to be the size and quality of the rolls.  They literally fell apart when I picked them up with my chopsticks.  And they must have been running out of rice because I could see more seaweed than rice."
	: "Legals is known all over and I like this branch the best. It is comfortable not very big and feels less of a chain the rest. The seafood and the fish is consistently fresh.\n\nFood Rating = 4 Stars\nService Rating = 4 Stars\nDecor Rating = 4 Stars"
	: "My favorite place for lunch or brunch when I'm in Cambridge.\n\nHenrietta's Table runs on the philosophy that everything should be fresh.  All of their ingredients are from local farmers and their seasonal menu changes several times to reflect seasonal ingredients.  \n\nA magnet for celebrities (Ben Affleck, Matt Damon, Bill and Hill), HT is not glitzy or hip, but relazed, homey, kind of rustic with muted sophistication.  \n\nEverything on the menu is fantastic.  I always go with the crab cakes or an omelet.  French toast is amazing too!  Seasonal breads are baked fresh and will leave you craving more.  \n\nOne thing to note is that Henrietta's Table is very active with the Farm School - a farm in western mass. that has an apprenticeship program for area children.  How cool is that?  At your table, you will also find Farmer Cards that tell you about the farm and farmer who raised the vegetables on the menu.  Charming and fantastic!!  The front of the restaurant also has a mini retail section where you can purchase spices, kitchen gadgets and various condiments and snacks.  I've bought several \"Henrietta\" stuffed pigs as gifts.  \n\nI absolutely recommend HT for Brunch, Lunch or Dinner.  You will not be disappointed.  A side note: Henrietta's Table's name comes from the owner of the restaurant, who had a pig named Henrietta while growing up.  How cute is that??"
	: "Epic!  One of the greatest concerts ever.  Muse and Rage were amazing.  First time hearing Rise Against.  They were powerful.    \n\nIt was fun seeing fires, crowd surfers and moshing on the floor but I am glad I had seats just to the right of the stage - front row!"
	: "I got the steak burrito.  It was very good!!!  I'm only giving it\na 4 stars because there was not enough cheese in it.  They give strips\nof beef which actually tasted good.  Much better than La \nBurrita"
	: "I have yet to have a better Paneer Tikka Masala! The samosas here aren't as good as Naan N Curry, but they are still worth ordering.\n\nThey also open until midnight, so it is sometimes a good idea to stop by after bears lair! But... just be careful the next morning = )"
	: "I've been a fairly serious cyclist for 15 years or so and I've never encountered a friendlier owner or staff. Charlie the owner will never sell you stuff you don't need and his prices are always fair. I bought my second bike from him (the previous one was 2 bikes and many years ago) last year and I am very happy to call this shop my cycling home again. Got a very nice deal and was able to get the bike tailored to the terrain I ride in with no hassle. Plus-what's not to love about Bianchi bikes."
	: "I'm in the minority, I just don't get this place.  Try it once, sure, but I can't understand why people come back and wait in line again.  $1.50 for an ice cream sandwich isn't as shockingly amazing to me as it seems to be for everyone else.  Maybe it's because they looked at the Pizookie prices across the street first, which indeed make Diddy Riese look like an awesome deal.  Meh."
	: "Family Visit spot #4:\nMy family was in town this past week and we did A LOT of drinking and eating.  These reviews are a series of those drinking and eating spots.  \n\nWe had lunch at Madam Mam's on the drag because we were looking for FLAVOR!  Madam Mam's has never failed to have great flavor.  The spring rolls were amazing, as always.\nWe were all quite shocked by the amount of SALT in every entree this go-round.  Mom had the Nom Tok salad and we choaked on the salty beef.  We also shared the Tom-Kha soup which was ridiculously salty, as was the seafood Tom Yum.  Flavorful, yes...but too damn salty!"
	: "I really hate the smell of olives.  At least the little black ones that end up on pizza.  It almost reminds me of wet paint and makes me want to retch.  And this place smelt like it, strongly.\n\nIt may have made me a bit grumpy towards it.\n\nThe pizza itself is nothing special to write home about.  It has interesting ingredients true, it has more variety than dominos, but what it lacks is heart.  Soul.  \n\nThe ingredients are finely cut, but they lack freshness and richness of flavor.  It's like they were placed on the crust after waiting all day in bins to be called.  It's dull, lifeless.  Not a pleasure to eat."
	: "3 stars because their prices are reasonable, but the food lacks flavor."
	: "TEN STARS for this place.  \n\n1.  The atmosphere is fantastic.  We sat in the back corner with the perfect amount of sunlight and restaurant light.  It's quaintly and romantically decorated.  The front room/bar has an awesome fireplace to sit by.  \n\n2.  The service is wonderful.  Attentive, helpful and patient.  \n\n3.  The food.  Whoa.  SO GOOD.  I had the linguine con carciofi with shrimp.  It was perfectly prepared and light.  I didn't feel weighed down by eating a big pasta dish.  I had a really amazing dessert, but for some reason what it was escapes me (damn the delicious red wine...).\n\n4.  The aforementioned wine - great selection and very very nice.  \n\n5.  I'd recommend this place to anyone.  If I didn't have such a thing for trying new restaurants, I'd probably just keep going here and never expand my circle...\n\nWay to go Red House!"
	: "My boyfriend always raved about the Raven Grill so I came over here for lunch with a friend one day.\n\nThis place is pretty unique.  I really like the lay out of the restaurant and it has this super chill atmosphere.  The server was nice and I can see myself coming here having more lunch dates with my girlfriends :) \n\nOkay, food... I tried their Grilled Salmon Salad (dressing on the side of course!).  The salmon was grilled almost perfect.  I typically do not like cooked salmon, but this one was tasty.  The lemon caper vinaigrette was very flavorful and paired well with the salmon.  The serving size of this dish was huge as well.  I was pretty stuffed afterwards and was ready for a nap.  \n\nSince I was here with a friend and not my boyfriend, I acted like a lady and had one item and no appetizer nor dessert.  I know... very out of character for myself, but I'll be back to try more items :) \n\nThe parking lot here is interesting... it's a one-way and there didn't seem to be a lot of parking slots (so you might want to try street parking if there are any).  This place seems casual so I don't think there's a dress code."
	: "A fantastic little record store, hidden in the basement of Autumn Leaves. I know better than to go down there unless I have at least an hour and $50 to spare, because I always find what I'm looking for and then some.\n\nThey have a very broad selection, and their jazz section is especially great. While the new releases are a little on the pricey side, I don't mind paying those higher prices, because I think it helps them to keep their used prices very reasonable. I've never bought a used record there that I felt was overpriced once I got it home and listened to it. \n\nThe guys are very friendly and knowledgeable, both about music and about how to take care of records. They don't mind if you browse for a long time, and they have listening stations set up where you can try out used records before you buy them. \n\nThey participate in National Record Store Day promotions, and they have a great selection of even the rarest releases on that day. This is also a great place to pick up tickets for all non-State Theater Dan Smalls Presents shows, since there's no service charge on them.\n\nIf you're a vinyl lover like I am, make sure to check this place out when you're in Ithaca!"
	: "I love Pinkberry, but this location is significantly smaller than others and understaffed -- also, they don't have some of the toppings that they do at other locations.\n\nNone-the-less it's still great and I'll be back again and again."
	: "Eh, just ok. My friend and I came here for the first time a few weeks ago, and us being Indian food lovers, we had high hopes. The atmosphere was good, and it was relatively quiet for lunch. The buffet was on the smaller side, and the food was warm, not hot. The tikka masala and the naan was probably the best there, but I was looking forward to a SPICY tikka masala, but this was very mild. Overall, definitely a 2- star, maximum 2.5 place."
	: "Oh word!\n\nI just got a deep tissue massage for a whopping $53!  \n\nThe Early Bird Special is comprised of a 60 minutes Swedish massage for $43, Mon-Fri, 9am - 2pm!  If you get a deep tissue massage, they add on $10 more.  So I paid $53 for a deep tissue massage! \n\nEva kneaded out all the knots and kinks in my shoulders and upper back!  She was professional and oh so good!  The place isn't Burke Williams ... but if you're just there for a massage, this place is the way to go!\n\nAwesome massage at a cheap price!  You can't get any better than this!"
	: "I would put Hong Kong on a list of the top ten places in Boston where you are certain to get eye f*#ked by a thirty-something white guy grinding by himself in early 90s style denim jeans.  If you can avoid this guy and love  getting down with your friends to generic, loud dance/top 40s music, then you'll really like this place.  If you aren't into packed, cheesy meat markets, then this probably isn't your bag."
	: "I'm not sure what I was expecting, but I know it wasn't this. \n\nGourmet heaven is like a convenience store and a deli all in one, but if I'm being honest, I saw no sign of gourmet or heaven. There's a deli counter with both pre-made and to-order sandwiches, salads and the like, and a refrigerated meat section, too. There are a few aisles of dry goods - sauces, soups, crackers, snacks - and a small selection of boxed cookies and sweets. All the way in the back, you'll find the cold beverage section with an assortment of aloe vera juice, iced teas and waters. It took me a good five minutes to find what I wanted and be done with it. \n\nThey also have a large array of condoms, gum, and even a few shower curtains, which leads me to believe it is intended to be a one-stop shopping option for JWU students who don't have a car to get to a proper grocery store. I wouldn't go out of my way to go here again."
	: "I ate here about 2 months ago with my in-laws who are huge fans of cafe noir. Unfortunately I wasn't that impressed with the food.\nMy steak was not the best cut, chewy and stringy.\nPortions seemed small for the price you pay. (we shared a \"mini\" serving of a pot de creme that I don't think was meant to be mini.)\nPrices seemed inflated for the quality of the food. If you're going to pay that much for dinner, spend a few dollars more and go to Nicks.\n\nThe high point was our waiter, who was charming. He made us feel welcome and offered some comfort for the less than fabulous food."
	: "Great product, good service.  Low on variety.  Clean store."
	: "Dear Saag Paneer,\n\nDon't you dare try to run away. Doing so will only prolong the inevitable. Get in my mouth. Give my tongue indescribeable pleasure. \n\nLove and kisses,\nMe"
	: "Easily my favorite pizza joint in La Jolla.  It's a locally owned restaurant, and tons of students and residents come here.  It's a good place to grab some food if you're on the run (i.e. quick bite before a night of endless drinking?  haha - the good old days) \n\nTheir Chicago deep dish pizzas are delicious!  The portions are pretty big and definitely satisfying.  \n\nMy personal favorites:\n- Sopressata pizza\n- Meat lovers deep dish pizza\n- Homemade minestrone soup  \n- Rigatoni chicken pesto pasta\n- Tiramisu! (although I'm not sure if they actually MAKE it at the restaurant)\n- Cannoli!!  (super yummy)\n\nOutdoor seating is available too!\n\nOne thing I'm not too crazy about - the pizzas can get pretty oily.. runny oily.. which can be pretty gross.."
	: "Okay, everyone knows that in-n-out is amazing... so ill talk about the facility. the parking sucks because its westwood, but there's some metered parking across the street by the gas station. there's sometimes ENORMOUS lines that go into the main street because of the volume of people in the drive through which is pretty annoying.  if your'e walking though, this place is pretty good... its def one of the largest in-n-outs i've been too. probably a good choice on behalf of the owners, with the ucla and those USC students who invade westwood.\n\ngreat service, as  i think some of the people who work there are also students."
	: "I knew it was too good to be true-- a delicious, well-priced sit-down restaurant in this dumpy area of town?\n\nI just had to open my damn foolish heart to the possibility that unicorns were real.\n\nBe still, my stony, broken heart."
	: "Loud. Large. Really cool space inside! Girls are pretty dressed up, guys notsomuch. Cheap drinks. \nI'd never wait in line or pay cover to get inside though..."
	: "The food is alright, something I can make myself, but for a higher price -- exactly what you would expect from westwood! I agree with most reviews that the food isn't amazing , BUT, it isn't terrible either. i like the seafood pasta, i just wouldn't pay $8.50 for it....i can make a huge portion for half the price, if i just go to ralphs.\n\nthe gelato though, is yummy yummy. and pretty cheap i think. and they're pretty fast, everyone in my group of 5 got their food within 5 minutes. one star for each of this. mediocre food should get half a star, but since they don't it makes the total 3. but i would technically give it 2.5 stars."
	: "We sampled the Takiyoku balls, little gems containing octopus and topped with bonita flakes. They had good flavor but the octopus was a little chewy. The veggie balls with mushroom were very good, and had a nice flavor \"zip\" from ginger and kewpie mayo. \n\nOverall, very tasty stuff."
	: "Sometimes I foolishly forget that this is down the road from my place, but I have just recently started going again regularly, and though it's a quick trip, I always find something I need or have been craving without any problems. It is a real PA Dutch market (Though I don't think the people who run the place are Amish, maybe Mennenite? Also there is a butcher when you first come in and they wear baseball caps and are def. not Amish) and the prices are reasonable, and everything is clearly marked and displayed. I finally was able to find here the thick-cut bacon that I love to use in my recipes (after resorting to regular bacon or worse, ham) at a good price. I also love their fresh pretzels, their selection of cheese, butter (5 bucks for a sleeve the size of my arm of butter! nuts!). Their vegetable section could stand to carry more things, but I don't know how that works. Anyway, also the last Saturday of each month they have a pig roast. I've never gotten anything from the snack bar during those times, but I've seen their giant pulled pork sandwiches and people gorging themselves on them, so they can't be that bad. \n\nNote- only opened Thursday-Saturday. When I use to work at home on Thursdays, I would go and it wouldn't be that bad. Saturday mornings are nightmares, so sometimes I even wait until 2 to go when the crowds thin out.  The Saturday morning crowds are also a bit nuts, and be prepared to be pegged in the shin by many a shopping cart. They take only cash but there is an ATM there and also in the convenience store further down in the same shopping plaza."
	: "Massive salads and tall thick sandwiches on housebaked bread.  The flavor isn't that super great, but for quantity and price it's a hungry student's dream come true.\n\nVan Halen and G n R blasting..."
	: "I think this bakery is outstanding . Hands down Sumi makes the best pastries the tarts are to die for"
	: "Overall service is perfunctory.  I brought my wife's car in for a brake fluid flush and change.  I asked them to check the thickness of the pads and rotors.  They said they were okay.  A couple weeks later went to Yosemite.  I had an unrelated radiator leak so I brought my wife's car back.  Basically, in the span of 500 miles I was told my brakes needed work.  I asked them to pull the wheel and let met see the pads and rotors.  Apparently the caliper hadn't been floating properly for several thousand miles which is something they should have spotted when they flushed the brakes.  One side of the pad was completely worn.  The obvious conclusion is that they never looked at the pads.  My advice is not to bring your car here if Mike isn't around.  So when he goes on his annual vacation to the Old Country don't bring your car here.  Price should not be an overriding concern when servicing your car.  Quality should be."
	: "Summary based on many visits:\n--classic TD menu \n--ok service, so not like Southside and even somewhat better than Northside\n--parking challenging, but not impossible\n--consider avoiding weekdays at lunch when BHS students abound"
	: "I waited 15 minutes to get an eye test by an assistant (I told them this was unnecessary because I had just seen an optometrist. They insisted). I then waited for two hours before I saw an eye-doctor. The eye-doctor looked at my eyes for about 5 minutes, decided there was nothing wrong with them and that it was just a deterioration of vision and excused me. The bill I received more than half a year later was for $340!"
	: "I love Sephora but  location is too small and the customer service is really hit or miss."
	: "The subtitle for this restaurant should be - \"home of the burrito of infinite regret\"\n\nBoth my girlfriend and I were sick after eating at this spot. The burrito was large, but the meat was dry and the guac tasted terrible.\n\nAll in all, we would never, ever go back. Funnily enough, we also noticed that it was named RI's best mexican grill. We have decided not to return to RI for any period of time. Weak."
	: "If you're lookin' for a combination of Olive Garden + Corner Bakery in Westwood than look no further...... Panini Cafe is the place for you. \n\nLocation: Where the old Sushi Isshin used to be. Next to Pizza Express and Dennys. You can't miss it. \n\nParking: If you don't have a District 11 Parkin' permit then you'll be subjected to the torture that is parkin' in Westwood. I'd park at Best buy and walk on over (Though, park at your own risk)... I live life by the seat of my pants so I'm bad to the bone by parkin' illegally at my old place of work. \n\nDecor: It's nice. My mom complained about how the seatin' wasn't that comfortable. She was sittin' against the wall with one of those wall seats... However, my sister didn't \n\nAppetizers: The Hummus Trio Dip thing is delicious. They give you small Pita bread and it was Uber-Tasty\n\nFood: I got the Chicken Linguine entree. Pretty good. Good portion of food and they throw in some Salad and bread.\n\nPrice: It's kinda pricy. A typical UCLA student couldn't dine here 2 times a week. Maybe once every 2 weeks. \n\nService:..... The service is not that bad only when it came to the bill. The main thing that annoyed me was when it came to the Bill there was this little issue with something called a Discount. Like a lot of places in the Westwood/Westside area if you show your Bruin card you get a 20% discount. Dennys, Hurry Curry, Volcano... All the same thing. If you show your Bruin ID you get a discount. Hell, I've been to Hurry Curry and didn't have my card and they let it slide and said it was cool. This is the only place I've ever been to which offers a UCLA discount with an ID card where every single person has to show their card. The server insisted that EACH INDIVIDUAL PRESENT A CARD. What the fuck? We're two ASIANS IN WESTWOOD. It doesn't get more UCLA than that? Why do we need to present a card for each individual? Have you had too many issues in your few months of existence with those Sneaky UCLA kids pawnin' their cards off to one another? So..... If we're a group of 4 Individuals eatin at your restaurant all 4 of us need to present our card? I didn't know that Panini Cafe turned into UCLA Powell Library at night? Who knew? At least if didn't show my card here I wouldn't get tased.....  I think it's in poor taste that for a family of two UCLA Bruins you couldn't just use one card. The mere fact that you made my Sister walk like 15 mins in her 4 inch heels just so she could get her card? 20% is a huuuuge price difference? It's just silly. This kinda overally put a damper mood at my experience here. I gave it a 2 star ratin' because in all honesty yes Overall.... It's not bad. If you're a UCLA student and have a card use it. If you have a trustfund and don't care about a discount than whatever.............. \"Meh. I've experienced better\" and that's all I have to say about that."
	: "I love Casey's Tavern:\n\nFood is great - staff are wonderful and sometimes charmingly quirky...many have worked there for years. Burgers are fantastic and sandwiches are high quality. Yum.\n\nTry getting a hot pastrami on rye with raw onions and Gryuere,  plus a side of their awesome garlicky ranch dressing for your fries - it will give you breath-of-death but it's sooo delicious.\n\nMy husband and I are also addicted to their fried artichoke hearts...mmm."
	: "Probably a 3.5 star. As a Bay Area person and someone who lived in India for couple of months, I can easily tell good from bad Indian foods. This place has a variety of traditional buffet dishes such as Chicken Tikka, Tandoori, Dals, Aloos, etc., and adheres closely with the municipal sanitary standard. If this place was in the Bay Area I could only give it a 3 star, but come on, despite LA hosts a large Indian population, the quality of Indian food here is not comparable to the Bay's. Plus 0.5 stars for the sweet services you dont normally get at Buffet establishments."
	: "Went here for valentines day last year. We were able to make VERY last minute reservations when everywhere else turned us down they said they could find room for us. The restaurant is an old two story home. Very resonable prices for five star fine dinning service. Great wine selections. Wines by the glass pour is very generous and also great prices. We only got to see the selected menu but everything we had was perfect. The ambiance is very romantic! You can sit downstairs, upstairs or near the fireplace or patio. The gentlement who sat us seemed as he was the owner very friendly energetic and helpful, LOVED EVERY MINUTE OF IT!"
	: "LOVE bacaro.\nThe place itself is pretty small, but that's part of what makes it great. The selection is pretty fantastic, and the owner's definitely know their stuff so ask them what they recommend! It's a great place to relax with a friend over a bottle of wine."
	: "Word association.\n\nMiddlesex Lounge:\n\nRed Stripe\n\nMortar Shell\n\nRubix Cube\n\nSchrodinger's Box\n\nProjection Screen\n\nModern Furniture\n\nHallway\n\nDoor\n\nStreet\n\nTaxi"
	: "This is the best of all worlds:  Great food in the store and other great places just around the corner.   Toscano's is an inexpensive yet delicious sandwich shop with awsome Italian food market included.  Grab some pesto and pasta for your late evening snacking pleasure.  They have an excellent selection of packaged foods from Italy that are difficult to find elsewhere.  They also have refridergerators and freezers with prepared foods that are made in house.  If you like the sandwichs then you will not be disappointed with these items.  Also, great selection of Italian wines.  While the selection is limited in quanitiy, the selections are of a dependable high quality with resonalbe prices, like starting below $10.\n\nFollowing your soup and sandwich fare, HOP two doors down to the best craft beer store in town, \"HopCity\" where you can experience the best beer selection in town (both bottled and draft to go, ergo \"growler\"). \n\nIt's interesting how a business like Toscano & Sons EXCEEDS at providing a delightful experience that is a complete VALUE."
	: "So, I visited this small dog joint last year... I probably should have written a review then, so as to capture the sensory details of the crackling and juices.\n\nNow, if I recall correctly, there is no topping (my bad) this joint: the Bockwurst has a nice snap to it when you bite into it. The interior of the building is the quaint type you'll encounter along Durant Avenue, unique to Berkeley's college town, the one with age and character. I would describe it as a no-frills, more-substance-than-style enclosed hot dog stand (more than a restaurant, as it is cramped), but that is by no means a bad thing. The condiments are nice, but overall the quality of the sausage grilled atop the flat steel tabletop is the most amazing thing about the place. My memory of the place is quite fond; perhaps the crisp Berkeley air or the munchies contributed to the overall ambiance of the Top Dog experience, but there it is.\n\nUnlike the pretentious, cookie-cutter chain restaurants of Orange County, Top Dog truly stands out. The grillmen are expert, probably from decades of experience, and take their trade seriously.\nThe food is rich in history, flavor, and texture; but cheap in price (a rare quality where I currently hail from---Irvine, I'm eyeballin' ye -_-).\n\nif I ever do visit Berkeley again, I will *most definitely* drop by Top Dog and post an updated review. :)"
	: "Love comics but don't want to deal with creepy fanboys?  This is the place to go!\n\nI was pleasantly surprised by this store!  \n\nNot only do they have a great selection of current comics, they also have many graphic novels, a bit of manga, a great selection of independent books & comics,  and friendly staff!"
	: "Curse NJ highways. \n\nCurse NJ highways with copious stoplights and no left or u-turns, with horribly dangerous situations where people are turning right at 15 mph and people in the middle and left lane are going 50. You are the reason I missed the entrance to Whole Foods and decided it wasn't worth the 20 minutes it would take to loop back around.\n\nBut I guess thanks to the horrible situation mentioned above, I turned off at the next exit and happened upon Wegmans, a worthy alternative. I discovered about 5 new types of apples (you mean there's more than fuji and gala?). \n\nTons of fresh produce and healthy foods at a reasonable price. The only problem I saw was tons of empty produce bins. I guess they switch things out around 9 pm - bad for me but good for everyone else who doesn't shop at weird hours. \n\nDefinitely will be back, though hopefully to a more convenient location that is not off the dreaded 1."
	: "I never got the point of a jazzed up hot dog. They don't even have different types of sausages. They're known for their big dogs and good prices. I guess having a dozen different ways to dress up a cheap hot dog is good for a college town."
	: "Consistently fresh and flavorful, Koja is one of my go-to lunch joints. I'm fairly inexperienced with both Korean and Japanese, but Koja's dishes seem reasonably authentic. I'm a huge fan of the flat rice noodles and the udon noodles. After they're boiled, the noodles are thrown on the flat top grill where they pick up the most wonderful char. And there's just enough oil to cook and flavor the noodles. The shredded cabbage and sesame seeds provide additional texture and flavor. I ask for \"medium spicy\" which has a substantial kick without being painful. Sometimes, when it's freezing out, the owner gives you free hot tea while you wait! The noodle portions are very generous."
	: "Hands down the best tri tip sandwich ever!  I also had their onion rings which was amazing as well.\n\n The only thing I didn't like was their steak cobb salad, I only got it because I saw some girl next to me eat it and it looked good, but it didn't taste all that great. \n\nNote: Please be prepared to run a few miles, crunches, lunges and a session of insanity if you decide to eat here, it's dangerously good but dangerously fattening but well worth the sweat =)"
	: "Food:\nI would love to love this place but really there is better southern food around, biscuits are pathetic, country ham not good at all. I just don't get it.....I went here 15 years ago and wasn't impressed...saw that Rachel Ray went here on her show so we decided to try again.....still not worth it.\n\nService:\nFine\n\nAtmosphere: \nGreat little space and patio...just a shame the food is not worth coming back to!"
	: "Neil is awesome. We sent a few emails back and forth about what we were looking for, and when we came in, he pulled out a tray of about 15 diamonds covering a broad spectrum of quality. He unwrapped about 5 at a time, telling us what the differences were, demonstrating how to use the magnifier to find the flaws in each diamond, and taking us outside to show how they look in natural light. As we slowly eliminated diamonds that were outside our desired parameters, he took them away and replaced them with new ones, until we found one that was perfect for us. We wouldn't have picked this stone before coming in, but Neil's demonstrations helped us discover what qualities were important to us, and we are extremely happy with our decision.\n\nThe best part about this process is that we never felt rushed at any point during the 4 hours we were there. Neil made this explicitly clear to us, and each time he was done answering our questions, he popped out to the back so we could have a private conversation about what we thought of the diamonds. We also felt like he had more stones to pull out if we were dissatisfied about any aspect, and in the end, we picked our diamond because we were sure we would not ever be able to find a better one.\n\nThe prices here are amazing - comparable to Blue Nile or Costco, but with the immeasurable benefit of having an actual jeweler. Neil's post-purchase policy was another major factor in our decision - any regular maintenance on the ring would be covered for life. He also offers upgrades on rings, although he charges a restocking fee on the diamond, which he explained is a precaution against future fluctuations in diamond prices."
	: "this is the worst coffee shop i have ever been to! you should be ashamed to call yourself peet's. i have never been so insulted in my life by the woman that works here as well as that stupid manager! they need to learn how to treat customers with repsect! there needs to be a starbucks on campus so we can get decent service and coffee!"
	: "There is a few things I like about this place, great atmosphere, good customer service and tons of cute USC students.\n\nWhat I don't like is the price. I think it's cheaper at Chipotle. \n\nThe first time I went, the guy at the counter was awesome, made me laugh, cracked jokes, etc. Second time I went, the girl was tired, rude and just tried to rush me off. I sat down to eat and mind you they were about to close but I didn't think it really mattered because the first time around the workers were cleaning but still offering water or napkins etc. The last time I was there, it was like they wanted me to just eat outside so they could leave. Kinda left a sour taste in my mouth. I'll stick to Chipotle."
	: "I love this place! It is definitely my favorite Mexican restaurant in the area. I probably average a couple of visits per week. \n\nEVERYTHING here is good. I don't think I've had anything that I don't like. They have a great carnitas plate and the tacos are awesome. \n\nThey have STRONG margaritas. Seriously strong. If you're feeling especially courageous, go for the cadillac margarita. If you drink more than one, you probably won't remember much of dinner. So, in other words, thumbs up on the margaritas. \n\nParking can be a little bit annoying when it's busy, but I usually park across the street in the evening (when the other businesses are closed) and have never had an issue with this."
	: "Total fan of this place.  The price is reasonable, the food is delicious and innovative, and make sure to grab a glass of the cucumber water. Get over the fact that it's small and you're not getting the fine dining experience of Real Food Daily. The food here is easily comparable, the workers are all cool, and you're definitely full after you eat.  I dig it.\n\nMy favorite things to get:\n\nNative Nachos\nOklahoma Burger (Bacon and Cheese)"
	: "I've lived near punjabi by nature for a while and I never took the time to try it out but I'm glad I finally did.\n\nThe first time I went here I figured they could justify such a cheap price for the buffet by charging for the naan. I was wrong, the naan is free unless you get the specialty naan, then it's a couple of bucks extra. \n\nThe food here is pretty decent, not the best indian food but it's way decent for the price. I'm a huge fan of the zucchini and, of course, the tiki masala.  \n\nThe food's a little hit or miss with the rice sometimes being overcooked, but overall, it's a way decent meal for the price."
	: "Great Place for soup and salad and maybe a quiche at lunch. Service is great !"
	: "Small Italian pizzeria serving up the best handmade pizza and cannolis in the ATL.  Pizza is freshly made with all the best ingredients.  In the back room you can see the chefs slicing the sweet peppers, rolling the dough, picking the basil, you name it.  The pizza is also the perfect balance between soft and chewy yet crispy.  We had the San Gennaro and it was out of this world.  Sausage was tasty and flavorful, peppers were bursting with flavor, bufala you could only imagine. Since the pizza is so fresh, you don't feel stuffed and bloated when you're done with it.  They don't serve beer or wine but I've heard you can bring them in, not sure about the corkage fee though.  And the cannolis - you can't leave without trying one.  We bought the vanilla with chocolate chip, pistachio, and chocolate.  Chocolate was too rich; pistachio was very good but I think the chocolate chip was my favorite.   Wish I had an Antico in DC!"
	: "We're not talking food for royalty here (unlike a decent In-N-Out Double Double), but bear with me.. If the Fat Combo had a genesis myth, it would go something like this:\n\n\"And the Lord said unto Moises, 'Build thee a crust of remarkable height, breadth, and width, strong enough to bear the weight of a great burden, yet yielding to the softest of palates.  Anoint it with a sauce of tomato, and adorn it with a fine coat of mozzarella.  Call forth two of every vegetable, and seven of every delicious and savory meat on Earth, and stack them, one upon another, until thy work has stretched nigh to the gates of Paradise itself.  And ye shall call it the Fat Combo.'  Moises did as God had commanded him.  And it was Good.\"\n\nEverything else there is very \"Meh\"; but I'm feeling generous:  5 stars for the Fat Combo, the Lord's great and terrible Instrument to strike down the gluttonous (albeit in sheer delight).  That's averages to about a 4 if you're scoring at home.\n\nOh, and God, in case you're an avid Yelper, I'm sorry for the gratuitous use of  Your Name without Thy Express Written Consent.\n/Catholic guilt"
	: "I went with two other friends and we got a small supremes pizza, 10pc buffalo wings and a Spinach and Cheese calzone. Pizza was a decent size to share with everyone since we ordered other stuff. The wings were actually really good! But I was kinda disappointed how they only had bleu cheese dressing and no ranch. But when we cut the calzone into four pieces to share. I got my quarter on my plate and started to cut through to have my first bite. OMGOODESS. I couldn't cut through and looked at my calzone. They forgot to take out the entire plastic wrapping for the cheese and cooked the cheese wrapped in plastic in the calzone!!!!!!! Of course we immediately called the waitress over and she gave us a new one. Of course we didn't pay for the calzone and got 2 draft beer on the house (we paid for eveyrthing else).\nI understand people can make mistakes and things can happen and Pizza Rustica was trying to make up everything for this.. but the more I think about this accident,,, this is a BIG deal. NO restaurant should make a mistake like this whatsoever!! Thank god the plastic was actually BIG beause I might've missed a small piece and eat it. \nIf you decide to go to this place and order a calzone (but don't get the spinach and cheese calzone cuz they put in too much cheese that mushes out..not the oozing out stretchy cheese that you want in a calzone), make sure you be careful on what you order."
	: "Average, status-quo, run-of-the-mill. They can all be used to describe this Oakland stop for Mexican food. In terms of location, its convenient for those venturing from the Hillman Library looking for a cheap/quick bite to eat.\n\nThe service is always prompt and everyone working there is polite. Prices are cheap compared to the commercial chains (Qdoba/Chipotle) located nearby, and even cheaper if you mention that you're a college student.\n\nFood is standard mexican fare, though their burritos are quite bland without an extra side of salsa and loads of hot sauce. If you're starving and are short on time, stop by, but for others looking for authentic mexican with some sort of flavor look elsewhere."
	: "Always really loud and crowded but the food is pretty reliable pub fare.  Given some of the waits you'll encounter in Harvard Square, John Harvard's is a pretty good compromise if you're looking for a relatively inexpensive meal...and quickly.  I typically stick to the burgers and sandwiches...nachos the usual.  It's actually a great place to get large groups of people together too...and it's pretty easy to get a drink at the bar.\n\nIf you're meeting friends, be sure to solidify your plans in advance.  It's like a cell phone dead zone in there - I feel like nobody can get cell phone service down there!"
	: "Wonderful!  My rear bumper was FULL of scrapes, dings, even a hole the size of a dime.  When someone backed into the corner of the bumper I took it in to have the crack and scrapes from that incident fixed.  When we picked up the car they had repaired the ENTIRE bumper for no extra charge.  It looks so great!  They were friendly and accommodated my busy work-travel schedule.\n\nThe work was done when they said it would be, looks perfect and the price could not be beat.  I will definitely go here again when I give in and decide to get my door dings fixed!"
	: "This is the University of North Carolina's one-stop shop for everything you might need whether you're  a student or a fan on campus for a game. \n\nStudent Stores has by far the best collection of Carolina apparel with Nike, New Era, and Under Armor. As far as collectables go, Johnny T-Shirt (on nearby Franklin Street)  has Student Stores beat by a bit, but not by much. The big difference between Student Stores and the Carolina Shops on Franklin Street is that, where you might find a similar set of products in the Franklin Street shops, Student Stores gives some overlap, but is mostly products you won't find on Franklin Street. \n\nThe Store also features a mini-mart, the Daily Grind coffee shop, Bull's Head Book Shop, a US Post Office, an entire floor of textbooks, and a tech shop downstairs. Student Stores is newly remodeled and they really did a great job. \n\nFor textbooks Student Stores tends to be the most expensive and the mini-mart has a slight mark-up. Other than that this is really a super store."
	: "I agree with Brittney M. on how hard it is to find a nail place in or near Shadyside. However Shadyside Nail Salon does good job though one of my gripes is that you have to find street parking.\n\nThe salon itself is clean and you don't typically wait that long. When you enter the store, you write your name and the services that you wish to receive. Nice selection of colors from brands like Essie and OPI. The staff is really friendly though english tends to not be their first language. Good job on manicures and pedicures, and reasonably priced though I am still on a quest to find a nail salon in the area for the same prices but with hot stone massages and paraffin treatment (I have been spoiled by Cali nail salons). Note that you should bring cash for tip."
	: "Great if you are looking for fast, cheap, and good.\n\nI get the falafel sandwich every time I'm in the area and love it! You can add some extra condiments on the side which is also great.\n\nI also love the chips (and never had any digestive issues with them). Great to dip in with some of the other sauces/dips."
	: "Fresh Comfort Food Kicked up a Notch!\n\nWOWZA PALOOZA~ this place is simply perfect. My boyfriend found it my accident looking for this other Hot Dog place for dinner.\n\nAfter a LONG day of shopping I really needed something to refuel me. This place knows how to SET A MOOD.\n\nImmediately when you walk in, you notice how Clean and Cool it is, it's new age classic.\n\nThe menu is written on big chalk boards, and the first thing I noticed were the Bleu Cheese Sweet Potoato Fries. OMG are you kidding me? Sounded amazing!\n\nI knew I was gonna get the fries so on to the DOG. I Like the options that they have for toppings, and I really like the Build Your Own option..\n\nBUT..\n\nNo need for me, once I read the Master Creations that they had available already, My mouth immediately started to water. I decided to try the GRAND SLAM and WHOA was it ever!\n\nGrand Slam= \n*Huge Dog (i think they might be Hebrew National-they tasted amazing) \n*Bacon (this bacon is THICK CUT and cooked to PERFECTION)\n*Tots (TaterToTs on a hot dog, OMG)\n*Fried Egg (Fried perfectly I might add, the white part was cooked fully and the yolk was gooey and oozy but not RUNNY-aaaamazing)\n*Hawaiian Sweet Roll (Don't be mistaken, it was three rolls combined to create the perfect bun for this savory dog)\n\nThis combo was already glorious, but I decided to add avacado and take a trip to glory city. GOOD CHOICE ON MY PART\n\nI ordered one of the Bottled Orange Cream Sodas (sounded good, but I'll probably get the root beer next time)\n\nDesign:\nWe walked to a table near the back and sat down, observing the cool and sleek cozy city style of the place. \nI really liked how they chose mat paint for the walls-very modern.\nThe tables were really cool-huge dark wood slats on wheels with trendy stools to match. \nThe lighting was perfect (finally a restaurant that GETS IT) I don't want lights blinding me while I'm trying to eat much less have a conversation.\nTop it off with some tunes and I'm happy- good job Dog Haus.\n\nDidn't take TOO long for our food to arrive...As soon as I got my dog I was excited to check out their extensive condiments bar---NICE TOUCH!\n\nWith a little mayo and some spicy mustard I'm good to Grub-don't wanna take away from the flavors.\n\nTHE DOG:\n*The Bun was Soft and Sweet...YUM!\n*The hot dog was Delicious and Juicy-no burning my tongue here!\n*The Bacon was COOKED to PERFECTION-no chewy fatty pieces, perfectly crisped, thick cut bacon-OMFG\n*Avacado-Very fresh and vibrant green-I'm happy guys.. really.\n*The Egg was \"over Medium\" no white gooey parts-pure golden glaze--yumm\n*The TOTS-perfect (but lets be honest, who can screw up tots)\n\nNeedless to say the dog was demolished-completely..SOo GOOOOD\n\nBut what about the Bleu Cheese Sweet Potato Fries?? Well guys don't get too excited cause I'll never order them again-i thought it was gonna be chunks of blue cheese, but it was a dressing and it was NOT good.\n\nI'll get the fries again, but not the Blue Cheese Ones...\n\n$$$=super reasonable-around 6 bucks for a delicious loaded dog.\n\nThey also have brats and burgers-I'm coming back for sure!\n\nOVERALL I wish i could rate them a 4.5 but i can't--so they get a 5 due to the fact they the dogs are so CREATIVE and DELICIOUS-the quality of the food is spot on and the condiment bar is very unique and diverse. (Curry Ketchup, Gray Poupon, Spicy Mustard and much much more!)\n\nI'll be going back SOON and I absolutely love this place...!!! You should definately go.\n\n******CHECK OUT THE 6 PHOTOS THAT I ADDED******"
	: "At first glance this place had promise. The interior is straight out of the 1950s because it just never changed, not because it was trying to be quaint. It had reviews about being \"best cheap eats,\" oh how we were lied to.\n\nI ordered the burger, it seemed fitting to the name, and it was pretty good. It tastes like a diner burger but 100x better than a Denny's one for sure. The problem is the price. for $6.75 (add 35 cents for cheese) all you get is the burger, nothing else. If you want fries be careful it's another $3.75 for just fries. The shakes were thick and yummy but at $4.40 a piece not sure it's worth the price. Pie slices were in great variety but again $3.95 a slice with an additional ~$1 for ice cream. What was considered cheap eats cost me almost $20. Don't think I'll be back I can find the same stuff elsewhere for cheaper and better quality."
	: "Nobi is friendly and enthusiastic. The store is beautiful, and their selection grew nicely when they moved. Any wine the sell under $14 is not worth buying, unfortunately. Where's the simple, drinkable $10 weeknight table wine that you can find anywhere else?"
	: "The pepperoni pizza is better here."
	: "Nice facility. Terrible customer service. Price is good. Lack of trainers. They get the 3 star only because of price."
	: "This guy is ubrupt, arrogant, and obnoxious. Also over priced--do not go to this guy if you believe in good cudtomer service as a principle. I don't no about his work, because after the attitude and high price I went else where"
	: "Fondly called \"The Box\".  Yummy Box has been there when we've needed a quick sushi or udon fix.  Its close to our house so convenience gave it that extra star.  Its a tiny place in a strip mall near UCSD, lots of students and professor types.  Sushi is pretty standard, but this place does good box (mix of salad, soup, rolls, rice, terriaki-style meat).  Although, within the last few months they remodeled the place, and increased the prices.  The fancy chairs and light fixtures must have cost a lot. Now the box is less appealing."
	: "I made fun of French food until I ate here.  It's that good.  And great wine...."
	: "Fun, laidback no-frills bar.  A couple of us stumbled on The Field after visiting nearby Four Burgers for our monthly dining club.  Beers were cheap and there was quite a variety on tap.\n\nThe best part is there is separate room with a pool table ($1 of quarters is all you need), darts, and flat screen TV.  The bartender was nice and the guy checking IDs entertained my question about the bar's address (we had a friend coming to meet up with us, but I had no idea what street we were even on).  Apparently neither did the bouncer so he stuck his head outside and checked for me!\n\nThe only thing I didn't enjoy was the ladies' room which was not in good shape if you know what I mean.  Oh, and tip for the gals -- the light switch is on the outside of the bathroom to the right of the door.  (It took me forever to find it so I thought I would save you the pain.)\n\nI'll definitely be back here to try their grub!"
	: "Nachos for days."
	: "I am a Mexican food connoisseur - and this is, by far, the best Mexican place in Chapel Hill. Everything they have comes out fast, fresh, and is delicious.\n\nThe service is wonderful, they have free WI-FI (so you can get work done over lunch), and more and more! \n\nSeriously, I love Cinco De Mayo. I would recommend it to anyone.\n\nGet the Arroz con Pollo - it's my favorite. :)"
	: "Just had lunch to-go from here today, the chic pesto was good but oily and the fries very soggy. The pizza was good."
	: "I came in here with my sister and ordered the ahi tuna cheese melt. It was just ok. It was cooked with too much oil and the ahi tuna was overcooked. The reason for 3 stars is because my sister ordered the chicken mushroom sandwich which was the best thing ever! And the sweet potato fries were delicious!\n\nI'm definitely coming back for that chicken mushroom sandwich, and the beer which they have a great selection of!"
	: "Our favorite yogurt place so far! Not only do we love hanging out at downtown claremont, but nothing beats yogurtland!"
	: "Hands down the best grocery store in the area. Wegmans has everything you want and many things you didn't know you wanted! I find prices in the grocery store and liquor store here to be below average. When you get to the prepared foods, you are going to start paying more, but the quality is worth it."
	: "Yummy. Love this place. Good burgers. A little overhyped."
	: "A great meal for the price.  I had the chicken teriyaki (leg meat) and the shrimp sticks.  Really enjoyed the sticks.  I've had better teriyaki, but still good.  I enjoyed the open air seating area."
	: "I've come here many times, and I can't comment on the service because I am friends with some of the (former) employees and therefore my service is usually excellent.  The food is fantastic, especially the burgers.  It is a bit pricey, but lets face it, its on Thayer St and price comes with that territory."
	: "Im in the quandry of finding a suit. Now I like the idea of getting dressed up, but I value comfort over aesthetics. I've quickly come to realize that it costs a lot of scratch to look good and be comfortable. Wanna know how Michael Weston and 007 make their way around, look stylish, and still feel great afterwards? Armani, Brioni and Zegna. The two Marks at N.M. showed me around what laying down a car downpayment (and possibly straight up the cost of an auto) could get you. I must say the Italians know what they're doing. But since I don't have an MI6 expense account, these will never be my every day wear. However consider me educated by the fine folks of N.M. on an eye opening tour of the finer things in clothing."
	: "Woo! 5 stars! Is that possible?\n\nYeah, I think when I rate a place I consider all things: experience, location, prices, and ambiance. I am never disappointed with my time here. If you want to relax and people watch, you may. If you want to go crazy and get fuzzy, you may. If you want to jump around shouting about soccer/futbol, you may. If you've lived in Ann Arbor long enough, you'd know there aren't many places for a good beer and warm atmosphere. I would like to think Conor's is one of them. \n\nI like the crowd here. I like how friendly the service is. I like the accents. I discovered Jameson and ginger here. The vegetable burger is great. They hold events here quite often and if you catch them it can be quite fun. No busted wallets here, but of course it depends on what you get. Fun, fun, fun!"
	: "OH NO HE DIDN'T.\n\nTHE GUY MAKING THE SAUSAGE WAS TOUCHING THE BUNS ON THE GRILL, AND THEN HANDLED THE MONEY!!!!! THIS IS WHY RESTAURANTS IN THE BAY AREA NEED A RATING SYSTEM LIKE LA COUNTY. \n\n...enough of this rant. Anyways, it's a sausage/hot dog for $3 bucks. \n\n...do people like this place because of the food, or because of the fact that it's cheap? I'm a bit torn. Yeah, it tastes good, but not out-of-this-world delicious. I've definitely had better sausages (I ordered the Chicken Apple and the spicy sausage). Cheap-tastic."
	: "Disco fires are heaven, burgers are Great, nice amount of meat, not too much. Onion strings are really really good. They have a diverse secretion of draft. And the PRICES are not high (like some in the area) I will be back with friends.   OH AND GOOD MUSIC & nice staff !"
	: "Twas a good dining experience with some good company.\n\nCame here during the last ten minutes of happy hour and pretty much ordered all that I could.\n\nThe pork belly was pretty good. They weren't all cooked to the same level. half of them were deliciously crispy but the other half were limp and droopy, not the most ideal situation, if you know what i mean. The rice cakes were my favorite. Plenty of sauce and perfectly gummy. The veggie one is the spicy one while the beef is not. I would have liked a beefy spicy but she said that they couldn't do that. We also ordered one of every bun. and they were pretty yum! The spicy chicken was my favorite, pork a close second, beef I could skip. We finished off our meal with a sizzling bimbimbap and it wasn't much different from all the others. Good though. \n\nThe place was pretty affordable and there's 2 hours free parking after 6pm with validation. They say they're \"healthy\" Korean food but I don't really know how. This place was good and I enjoyed myself but I definitely like the real stuff in all it's unhealthy glory from ktown..."
	: "have been waiting for this place to open for quite awhile and was pleasantly surprised.  they have an awesome drink and creative food menu.  we ordered the 10 course tasting menu for $45 and felt it was well worth the money.   at the 5th course i was already full!! and took the rest home.    our waitress was very nice and helpful.  Great addition to central square!!"
	: "The food is great, especially the sauces (white wine mussels!). Also, the avocado bacon, cucumber appy is amazing. As are the cocktails - they're small but so tasty! The waiting staff seems to be a good team.\n\nThe only complaints are the noise (it's always loud) and the burger-type food is not great."
	: "The place is perfect to see any band for a concert! You can't beat the price.. $20 bucks to see two bands! Pfft..come on now!  Then to even meet the band after the show.  \n\nI think the band is getting ripped off!\n\nIf this place could clean up the bathrooms..I'd give it five stars!  I've been going here forever and it hasn't changed in about that long!  But, hey if it works..why fix it, right?"
	: "Fries are good. I can't speak about the burgers though. I wish they had cheese to dip those delicious potato sticks into, but they're great even when they're plain."
	: "$30 for a dozen \"gourmet\" donuts? Good god. Just because it has peanut butter on it doesn't mean I'll shell out all that extra cash. The donuts themselves aren't that great at all, but I think that because it's a landmark here in Westwood people want to believe that it's really good. But, in all senses it's the \"Pinks Hotdogs\" of the donut world.\n\nFor the rest of us who aren't shitting money, Winchell's down the street charges 1/3 of the price for the same thing.. minus peanut butter.\n\nA joke between my roommates and I is we bet a number of Stan's donuts as the currency for our wagers. 3 donuts is almost $5, so you can see how quickly it can stack up!"
	: "So F-ING good.  I love that you can pick whether you want pizza or rice, and that you can get everything either vegetarian or vegan. The black bean pizza (vegan) is soo soo soo good, but the portabella redhead is equally delicious. AND they have vegan breakfast pizza.  the only downside is their weird affiliation with Club Passim, and the fact that sometimes they have tons of space, and other times you're crowded into 5 tables if there is a show. i wish they were on foodler for takeout too!"
	: "Granted I don't know any other tattoo places in the nearby area, this place is the best by default.  The place is huge and downstairs is the piercing area.  My friend and I made our way up the stairs to the tattoo parlor/section. We perused the magazines and various pictures of tattoos, but had already decided what we were getting.\n\nI wanted two stars on my wrists originally smaller than the size of a dime, but the tattoo artist said the smallest they go is about dollar coin size.  I got on both wrists, and ended up paying the base price of $80.\n\nThe place is very clean-looking and sterile.  Whenever I see tattoo parlors in movies, it's always in the dingiest/sketchiest places.  Luckily, Stiehl's was nothing like that.  Everything is wrapped in sterile packaging until needed. The tentative drawing of my tattoo was placed on my arm to use as a guideline for the artist. He shaved the area (standard practice, even though I don't have a hairy wrist or anything) and got going.  It was less painful than I was expecting, except when it got sort of closer to my hands, upper wrist.  Other than that, the experience was pretty pleasant. My tattoo had some crackly, un-inked parts along the border of the star after the initial two weeks or so of basic tattoo care, so my friend and I went back to get our tattoos touched up.  They offer up to 3 free visits of re-touching, which is really nice.\n\nI would definitely recommend this place if you live in Ithaca.  Very friendly and helpful staff, and most important of all, sterile technique is practiced  here."
	: "This place just opened by my work place.  It's refreshing to have something different/new after 11 yrs of the same thing... and I love asian cuisine so I was super excited to try it out.  Love the modern/trendy decor.  BUT the menu is lacking... no sushi, just a handful of basic teryaki dishes... I had the tempura don:  it had a lot of onions, good amount of shrimp (for the size of the bowl which was small), 2 pcs of zuchini and a slice of sweet potato over steamed rice and soy sauce for $8.50.  My friend had the Tori Kara Don which is fried chicken and egg over steamed rice for $7.95.  Neither did much for me :-("
	: "Very good Thai food and close to campus (good for the college student).\n\nMy favorites include:\n\nPad Thai\nChicken Pad Prik King\nPineapple Curry"
	: "Great Food, Great Service, Not so great prices."
	: "I did not like the service or my chai tea :("
	: "I've eaten at Black Dog a few times now and have tried a number of things off their menu.  Among the choices, one of my favorites is the pulled pork sandwich with their signature sauce.  The pork has plenty of smoky flavor but it is not overwhelming while the sauce has a slight tang and complements the meat well.  I recently tried the pulled chicken sandwich and found it was just as good if not better than the pork.  Outside of main entrees, the sweet potato fries are fantastic as is the corn bread.  One thing to note about the sandwiches is that they all come with cole slaw on top unless you specifically ask otherwise.\n\nAs others have noted, there is not a lot of seating in the restaurant and if you happen to visit during a busy time you may end up waiting for a while.  Also, given the tight quarters, there isn't much standing room while waiting so things can get cramped rather quickly.  If you want to try Black Dog's food without waiting for a seat, they do offer carry out which is extremely quick."
	: "amazing bbq- maybe it's bc i've never had it done right - texas style, that is.\n\nthe ribs were lean, but not so lean that it's dry. the brisket was good too, but  a distant second to the ribs. \nand, the cole slaw and potato salad (you get two sides with a 2 combo plate) are a PERFECT accompaniment to the meat. \n\ngrab a beer (they'll give you a frozen mug to pour it in), add a pecan pie (legendary i tell ya), and bring it to the checkered tables outside and you're set. \nGod I'm gonna miss this place..\n\ngoode company also does seafood, american, and mexican in other locations..."
	: "Tanino is a restaurant which really understands its customer base, in  addition to preparing food. This is, yet, another relative of Celestino Drago, Giacamino and heaven knows how many other Drago brothers. Those guys really understand what folks want to eat and what they want to spend. Good for them! \nThe restaurant is just gorgeous!! What a pleasure to walk in to this exquisite setting. The service is always fine. One can always count on ingredients being fresh and top quality. Perhaps, Mama or Papa Drago taught the sons the art of fine pasta making. The lessons were followed well. Pasta, especially the ravioli is always beautiful. Not an ounce of pretension."
	: "Pros:  Had a great steak-frite with amazing fries.  As good as what you'd find in Paris.\n\nAmbiance is nice.  Very open, albeit small, restaurant with a good liquor and wine selection.  \n\nCons:  No website!  It wasn't too crowded but I have to imagine if it was it could be difficult to get a table."
	: "For lunch, this is top of the line. Prices are wonderful and the quality is good and consistent. Service is very good too. Especially since at lunch you want to be in-out in less than 1 hour.  \n\nFor dinner the prices are a bit higher though."
	: "This restaurant is okay. They serve foods commonly eaten around parts of West Africa...fufu with soups, jollof rice (which was fried rice), rice and stew, plantains, etc. Generous portions are usually served. The restaurant caters to a diverse crowd and the service was good. Prices for meals start at about $8 and up.\nLooking to return."
	: "Great for a late breakfast (served 'til 11). 3 eggs, bacon or sausage, toast, potatoes, and coffee for $5 is a great deal and tastes great.\n\nThe diversity of the menu - calzones, sandwiches, and pasta dishes - should keep me coming back for lunch. And they just expanded their hours to include dinner til 10."
	: "I've been here a few times, the most recent time with a large group. We ordered a ton of appetizers and they were all really good. Also a plus is that there were a lot of vegetarian options for both meals and appetizers. I ordered the ethiopian dish and it was also really good. I also had a goat cheese cheesecake which was a little questionable, but I think that was just a limited time special. Drinks wise, order a long island iced tea. They are amazing here. It is also a nice place to go since they have live music."
	: "I love this place, not as much as the tart fro yo from yogurt harmony but its an amazing sweet treat (especially the pumpkin!!). My only complaint is the inconsistency in the amount of toppings you get. A few weeks ago I went and had sprinkles in every bite, yum!.... I went again last night and was saddened by the total of 8 sprinkles the gal put on top. The do put toppings inside which deserves recognition. Overall, I'm a fan."
	: "I've given it a couple of tries since moving up here, and I'm not impressed.\n\nThe woman at the front counter has the geniality of a mule with hemmorhoids, and I don't care for rigid pieces of charcoal in my bourbon chicken."
	: "This is a pretty nice place in Westwood, right by Brewco.  The ambience is nice, the decor and feel of the place is wonderful.  The price of the food and drinks definitely reflect the environment; however, the drinks are well balanced and for those who aren't used to drinking -- might feel quite heavy.\n\nAs for the prices, I think that many college students that come to this place usually come during happy hour to enjoy the environment and pay a decent price.  Outside of happy hour, I can see this place being a good \"first-date\" place.  I would recommend anybody in the area to come in and check this place out."
	: "Review of:  Construction Management Certification.\n\nI completed the program at the end of 2010. I had wanted to update my skills, network, and learn more about parts of the industry I am not experienced in. I'd meant to do it for years, but never found time to enroll. I finally enrolled and started classes at the end of 2009 and worked straight through - which I definitely recommend if your schedule and funds permit.\n\nAt its best, the program is educational (though rarely challenging) and facilitates unmatched networking opportunities with students, instructors, and guest lecturers. Different courses touch on many aspects of the industry and the experience is as diverse as the students and instructors in the program. That said, the majority of students, instructors, and classes are based in the Public Works market. If you have a lot of Public Works experience, the program will feel very basic at times. If you're not experienced in Public Work, you're going to learn a lot.\n\nI have to give my highest regards to one instructor, Sean Leonard. He and a handful of others, including Albert Giocamazzi [sp], are tremendously gifted, passionate about their industry, and gracious enough to share their experience and time with students.\n\n At its worst, the program has classes geared towards people with no practical experience in the industry or led by professors who don't have time to fully prepare - in such cases I found myself fighting to stay awake or even show up. The courses are not challenging (except for the law class) unless you want them to be. My best experience in terms of learning new skills came with the online courses taught by Ataa Aly. I studied Revit and MS Project with him. Those classes were great; straight-forward skill building with excellent exercises.\n\nI feel like the program itself is set so students can get what they want out of it. Many people show up every class and actively contribute to the experience, just as many, however, are there because they have to be and act like high school delinquents when they bother showing up at all. Your experience and the value of the program really comes from your fellow students. There were too many classes where the same 2-3 people would participate and the remainder would sit silent. Those classes were the hardest to sit through.\n\nAll in all, I would certainly recommend the program. Still, classes are expensive, starting around $525 for a basic course and going to $750 for courses with computer labs. I think UCLA X should really take a look at their fee schedule. Having completed the course, I feel like the courses were worth maybe $350 - $400 each, nothing near the prices they charge. So if you're not able to blow through the program in one year, definitely take your time. Nothing you learn is going to catapult you to the next level professionally."
	: "Pretty disappointed. \n\nI live in Chicago and have come to the Boston area a couple of times on business. Seeing as neither Harpoon nor Samuel Adams have a brewpub (why the heck not?) i decided to see what else was out there. On the surface, you'd think that the self proclaimed one of the oldest brewpubs in america would have its game tight by now. Nope...\n\nI ordered fish and chips, as well as two beers (a pale ale and a wit). First of all, the fish and chips was one of the worst i've ever had, which is really sad... how do you mess fish and chips up? Well, the fish was not fresh, or was just a poor cut or variety (it had fish \"dark meat\" if you know what i mean... the kind of greasy blah part of the flesh). Also, it came in a huge hunk, so it was unevenly cooked. I mean, seriously, I'm from the midwest...we don't get the opportunity to have the freshest of the fresh seafood.... You'd assume that a micro brewery in Cambridge, MA would do it up right.... yet somehow this establishment totally missed the mark. \n\nThe beer was also really boring... not bad exactly, but for a micro brewery... it was below average. Not enough flavor or character to remember it 1 second after a sip...\n\nObviously, i guess that everyone is allowed a night off or a botched dish, or whatnot, but seriously... based on my one and only experience that I will ever have with this place.... thumbs down... save your money... it sucks."
	: "Disappointed!  Arrogant manager!  Smokers huddle at the front door. No matter how good the food, overshadowed by smoke and a rushed arrogant staff!  \"Can't order appetizer before food order, it confuses the cooks\"!!??  WFT??  Oh yeah, the awning and patio dining is in shambles.\nPasadena's worse Italian restaurant."
	: "Very crowded (even when it's not...the tables are extremely close together so don't even try to bring a stroller or lots of shopping bags in here!) with brusque service and OK burgers. The burgers are innovative with so many combos to choose from, but the patty itself is nothing to write home about. Not sure what the hype is all about!"
	: "I've been to this place a few times, and agree with most of the other reviews: fantastic baked goods, so-so coffee and sandwiches. The scones are amazing, and they have some unusual items (bagels and pretzels) as well, which are delicious.  BUT now on Thursday nights Mariposa is holding a chocolate lounge, partnering with a local chocolate company, Taza. I checked it out two weeks ago. There's a menu of chocolate treats and table service: two types of hot chocolate drinks, fondue, ice cream, and tasting plates of single-origin chocolates. The place was packed at 7:30 and the servers were a bit overwhelmed but friendly. You can also buy hot chocolate mix or solid chocolate to take home. I had the Mexican-style hot chocolate, served in a small cup but it was enough to send me into a chocolate haze. Good times. I'm definitely going back to try out the other items. 4 stars overall; 5 stars for chocolate!"
	: "I went back to Pittsburgh recently and went out of my way to come here (again)! Even during the high Friday night crowd, they were able to seat a group of 6 within 5 minutes. Of course, I had a coconut martini, which was as delicious as I remembered! I tried the pumpkin curry with tofu; it was AMAZING! The pumpkin and tofu were perfectly cooked! \n\nHats off to you, Bangkok Balcony!"
	: "I had the Fatburger with mustard and cheese. Great service at the drive-thru window. Quality food."
	: "As noted by many past revewiers this place is not easy on your wallet unless you are shopping carefully. Most regular goods are a bit overpriced, I didn't shop too carefully as I was more on the trip to check it out, I yelped before hand and decided my wallet could not take high prices, no matter how good a cause it was for. \n\nHowever the bulk spice, grain and tea isle was what I really wanted to check out. I was not dissapointed. I found every spice I could ever immagine wanting, past episodes flashed of me flipping through recipies saying to myself \"where would I EVER find that\" flashed before my eyes. I bought a few small packets of essential spices and made a note to come back whenever I wanted to make an interesting recipie where i needed just a bit of spices. Side note: the spices i did buy nothing came out to over a dollar. Granted i bought small amounts i highly doubt i will go through them with any great speed. The spices alone get this place a solid 3 stars. Over priced spices is a pet peeve of mine what can i say. \n\nThe grains were exciting as well but not as much for me as im not a huge baker. Oatmeal seemed well priced and one of my roomates bought some granola that was good. Damn good. So good I have been contimplating stealing it. \n\nFinally I like the idea of a food co-op. Buying from there makes me happy. I like to support local merchants. If I had a steady job I would probably take the hit in the wallet, but i dont, so im not gonna. The price brings it down to 4 stars. Unfortunate but true, not everyone wants to spend on this stuff :( \n\nGo for the spices and grains, stay and see if theres anything else that strikes your fancy"
	: "Oh Racha, how I love thee.\n\nToo bad your new owners decided to get rid of any personality whatsoever on your interior.\n\nBut the food is the same, i suspect the same cooks are employed.  The lunch there is great, you get a little soup or salad and the price is cheaper.  The food is just as good as the likes of Thai House, but much less expensive.  Atmosphere leaves something to be desired.\n\nI basically stick to the same items, and they're all good.  I'll name them in order of deliciousness:\n1- eggplant with beef stir fry.  a little spicy and wonderful\n2- Pad See Ew.  Thick, chewy noodles with meat of your choice and broccoli.  Yum\n3- Yellow Curry with Chicken.  Always a sweet and mildly spicy treat.\n4- Green Curry.  i just like it because it comes with eggplant.\n5- Pad Thai.  Not that it's bad or anything, its just that after I discovered Pad See Ew, the Pad Thai just rarely makes the cut."
	: "Eh, I think this place is overrated. However, my roommate has insisted that I inform you that she thinks it's the shit (in more or less words, and maybe a little bit of rewording). However, at this point I still have not had one good experience here. My first time coming here was when I first moved to the U-District. The Mee Sum at Pike Place has the most AMAZING hum bow, so I was thinking they would be very similar (due to the confusion of having the same name). I purchased a chicken hum bow and bbq hum bow. Wow, I've never had a hum bow that was so bad I could not stand to eat it.....but I could only manage a few bites out of each before giving up and throwing them out. I tried coming back for the bubble tea since my roommate constantly raves about it along with most of her friends. I tried the red bean bubble tea, but it tasted a bit chalky which seemed to be due to using a powder and not mixing very well. Finally, the last time I was here was due to my roommate dragging me here (ok, maybe not literal dragging...but I always make her go to Oasis, so it was my turn to go to her favorite bubble tea place; though, I did not go happily!). I got the strawberry milk tea, which is my regular drink at Oasis and what I usually get to compare bubble tea places. Wow, this was the worst tasting bubble tea I've ever had in my life. It tasted like strawberry flavored medicine, to be exact it tastes like these nasty strawberry chewable zinc vitamins by Zicam. Since I had paid almost $4 for it (including the credit card fee), I tried to force myself to drink it....however, it was so bad I just wanted to throw up every time I took a sip. I can't remember what my roommate got, but it tasted like sprite and was really overkill on the sweetness. I would give them one star, but since my roommate loves this place and the cashiers are pretty nice I gave them 2 stars (though if I could give half stars I would give them a 1.5). Personally, I would recommend passing this place up."
	: "I was at work, and was craving for some Mexican food. I happened to find this place and I decided to give them a chance. I ordered the mole verde chicken lunch special, which came with salad, rice, and beans.\n\nPros: The black beans were good, and were a welcome surprise, because I figured that they'd serve pinto beans.\n\n          The salad was nice.\n\nCons: The salad was in the same container as the food, so the steam pretty much wilted the whole salad.  And I really wish restaurants would stop using Italian dressing as their go-to dressing. It's tangy and overrated.\n\n          The chicken was bland and pink. I felt kinda queasy after eating it.\n\n           The tortillas were actually corn tortillas that were wrapped in foil, so the steam rendered them soggy, gross, and inedible.\n\nI probably won't order from them again. Get some Goya seasoning in your life, man. \n\nEverything came up to $10.87"
	: "We drive from Livonia to Ann Arbor just to visit this location. We have other RMCF stores that are closer, but they don't have the selection or as friendly a service. The chocolate and vanilla swirl fudge is amazing but isn't always available. It is a little pricey but keep in mind this is a premium chocolateer. If you want cheap chocolate buy a Hershey bar. If you desire a high quality, rich and creamy chocolate RMCF is the place to go. They also offer 16 flavors of ice cream, several different milkshakes, caramel/chocolate covered apples, and much more."
	: "I love Intermezzo. I eat here at least once a week. The salads are amazing and huge (well, depending on who makes them). You can make incredibly smart and healthy choices here quite easily. \n\nIncredibly economical, too! Their prices did go up $0.50, though..."
	: "Outstanding!  Went to legume bistro on Friday and was so impressed with knowledgeable service and wonderful, unique food.  \n\nWe started with the Feta Broiled with Pepper Jelly.  I had merely a taste as I has order soup.  But my dining companion thoroughly enjoyed the appetizer.  Moving onto the soup...Nettle Soup with Creme Fraiche and Croutons.  Wow!  Something I have never had and was amazed that such an ill sounding plant can be transformed into a smooth, delicate soup.  For entrees, we had Montauk Scallops w/ Farro Crouton, Bird Egg Beans, Chickweed and Ramp Pesto (woooo strong stuff smoochers beware!) and Lamb Shoulder Chop Braised in Wine with Polenta and Saut\u00e9ed Wild Greens (the lamb was grass fed and had a newer, different flavor).  Both were superb!  Loved the tender seafood and lamb (although I just had a small sample as I am not a big meat eater).  I did love the polenta that I had more than my fair share. \n\nAlthough quite pleased and fully satisfied, we ordered coffee (French press!) and the ricotta stuff crepe with honey, mint and grapefruit.  The mix of flavors was great. Oh try the ginger beer for something different\nI will definitely be  repeat offender when it comes to legume bistro....I do hope the new location has as much charm and continues serving great, sustainable (yes!!) food. \n\nOh BYOB and call as soon as you know a night you want to go as their reservations fill up fast!"
	: "Never seen slower serving speed. Sat and waited there for one whole hour and no dish was served. Left swearing we would never return."
	: "best mexican food in the area, food quality and service is very consistent.  ive been eating here for 10+ years. ignacio is the man."
	: "Strangely, I haven't been to the actual Yoga Studio at Karma, but if I ever were looking for a really great studio for yoga and pilates, this definitely looks like somewhere I'd like to go.\n\nWhat I'm mostly reviewing is the tea shop part of this place. The decor is really nice, modern without feeling cold, it is very appropriately zen-like and I like the wide, airy space that is full of light. You get a lovely whiff of the tea scents as soon as you walk in the door, and it's somewhere I feel very peaceful. They sell so many organic and vegan products, and the teas (all loose-leaf) are quite yummy. The almond iced tea didn't taste very strongly of almond, but it was pretty good all the same, and had a good tea flavour without being overwhelmingly strong - basically, it was brewed very well.\n\nThe staff are really sweet and friendly, and I really like how they give 100% of the profits they make from use cow's milk in a product go to charity and for the better treatment of animals. Of course, you'd have to get cow's milk in your drink to help, but generally this place really seems to care about the well-being of animals. This is evident from the numerous flyers they have about the charitable ventures, animal adoption information and non-profit programs for the betterment of animal treatment that they support or recommend. Put simply, they really seem to care, and that's great. :) And the tea isn't half bad!"
	: "Excellent Greek Salad, and big!  Yummy pizza.  Great, great service."
	: "Art Deco Design and very roomy restaurant. Reminds me of NYC Empire State Building.\n\nThey serve Happy Hour Monday to Friday from 3 to 7PM. $5 small appetizers and discounts on drinks. I went during Happy Hour during Thursday night and they had live music. Someone was playing the piano and singing. It was wonderful entertainment.\n\n$5 Calamari-definitely worth it. There is no need to order the bigger platter. \n$5 Chips and Salsa-not good. Chips were half stale. Salsa and guac was not tasty.\nMain Dish Chicken Liver-it is like patte. There is so much, so I recommend sharing, but the flavoring was only normal. Actually a little bland for me.\nMain Spinach Salad-tasty. I never had such big fresh spinach leaves. I enjoyed the mix of tangerines, pecans, bacons, and spinach. I recommend this.\nMain Crab Cakes-served 7-8 pieces of crab cakes, but they were size of  scallops. Kind of small sized. Taste was ok. There were chunks of chestnut, which I don't mind, but I thought the chunks were too big and clashed with the crab meat.\n\nThe best was their free fresh raisin bread. And their Classic Sangria. \n\nIt is nice place to rest your feet after shopping all day at the Stanford Shopping Mall. Affordable and nice place."
	: "If your a Sr @ Penn n not in a frat, then this IS ur frat. The drinks r pretty cheap. the space is pretty cramped. its def hot. theres a dj (tho im pretty sure he might as well use an ipod). the floor is sticky. n come last call theyll play those 2 TERR songs to get u the fudge out. oh memories."
	: "Tino is the man!  Best pizza in NJ .. on par with many of the famous joints in NYC .. love it."
	: "I LOVE THIS PLACE SO MUCH.\n\ngood froyo\ncheap froyo\nyummy froyo\n\ndoesn't get any better.\n\n\ni dont think i can say anything else EXCEPT i miss my green tea froyo.\n\n\nyogurtland anyday, errday."
	: "I went here to get a replacement driver's mirror for my car. I was excited that they had one and a decent price. I was being helped by a very nice gentleman until Frank got involved in our conversation. This idiot  starts taking over the order and evidentely orders the wrong mirror after me and his co-worker repeately tell him I need the Driver's mirror. Of course, I don't realize until I'm at the mechanic and they've removed EVERYTHING!!! \n\nI go back and specifically ask to speak with him. He does aplogize, but of course it's not helpful when my car is pretty much non-drivable now :( \nLuckily I spoke with Ruth before coming back into the store and she tried to get overnight shipping instead of the normal 3 day shipping like Frank was saying that's all he could offer. I'm still awaiting to find out if it came today, but looks like it didn't. \n\nMoral of this review: CHECK and VERIFY everything you order at the store!!!"
	: "Finally a fro-yo place in Shadyside! Not that I would ever mind walking/driving to Razzy Fresh in Sq. Hill or Oakland, but always great to know that fro-yo is just a few blocks away! This place has the standard Razzy-esque fair with my fave toppings - cheesecake and brownie bits. I am odd about my fro-yo - only tart yogurt with dessert-y toppings. That's my yogurt personality and Happy Berry delivers :)"
	: "A bunch of us went to Boston for a conference. After too many talks, a few of us decided to play hooky and go get some hot chocolate. Twenty minutes later, we're sitting at a tiny table in this cute cafe and I'm sipping on the richest and thickest hot chocolate ever. YUM - who needs science when one has chocolate like this? \n\nI ordered the smallest size possible and it came in a ridiculously small cup. I also got a cookie the size of a quarter (not joking - I actually took out a quarter to compare). I felt like I was a kid again playing with my little toy tea set, except my toy tea set never made chocolate this good."
	: "I went to MadMex for happy hour, which is a fantastic deal if you like margaritas. I think I ordered a black cherry margarita and the person I went with ordered an apple cider margarita. Anyways, if you like tart drinks, I highly recommend the black cherry margarita. The apple cider definitely exceeded my expectations, although I think my expectations might have been pretty low for that drink. Both drinks had plenty of alcohol (I was drunk after an embarrassingly small amount), and I remember them being pretty cheap. Anyways, onto the food. Their wings are pretty okay. They are a little on the dry side, but there is a happy hour deal on them so they might be worth getting. Their waffles fries, on the other hand, are amazing. They don't give you a huge amount of them, but they are perfectly crispy and light."
	: "Based solely on their gyros: 5 stars.  Absolutely delicious.  Not too much sauce, succulent meat, crisp onions, tomatoes, all on fluffy, chewa pita bread.  I am wowed by the fact that you can choose your size of gyro.  I think a medium gyro (4oz) is perfect for filling you up without overwhelming your stomach.  AND, it's under $5.  Yum, yum, yum."
	: "AWFUL!!!!!  I cannot stress how much I hated going here. SWITCH NOW OR DON'T EVEN COME HERE!!!!!! \n#1 its filthy.  Downright disgusting in there and smells awful.  It isn't warm or welcoming, it's so gross.  UGH!  \n#2 their receptionists are often rude and their phone lines are always set to their away message (ie. hasn't opened yet, or they are out to lunch) even when they are supposed to be there, and this almost ALWAYS happened when I called.  I would literally call at 2pm and their lunch message would be on or at 10 saying it hadn't opened yet.  SUPER ANNOYING.\n#3 some of the nurses are plain rude and not nice.  I went to the same person consistently (Katie Mcdonald who is actually very nice and helpful) but one time she had called in so I was given a different woman (not sure who).  She basically refuted everything Katie had told me and marked me as an idiot because I kept saying it was against what Katie had told me and Katie had been my nurse practitioner for years.  I was furious.  \n\nI could go on.  I absolutely hate it here.  When I switched I couldn't even believe what I was missing.  I never knew a gyno office could be so nice since I was subjected to Clark's dump for so long.  (I suggest Josefina Marin--an absolute doll and her office is super clean, welcoming, smells nice, much nicer staff etc) \n\nSTAY AWAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
	: "Though I have coworkers that rave about this place and the concept is great, I just didn't like the flavor of the \"pure\" yogurt....doesn't make it a bad place, just didn't suit my taste. Their fruit was fresh and did make the taste of the yogurt better :)"
	: "Fun spot!  I've been to Harlem Tavern many times.  I agree that it's just what Harlem needed.  I've wasted away many a summer afternoons under a HT umbrella sipping cider or prosecco.\n\nIt's great for watching popular sporting events.  The crowd is fun and energetic.\n\nSometimes they have a live band, and they've always been really really good.  However, don't schedule a live band on the night of a Knick's game.  No matter how good the music is, people come to watch the game.  I'd definitely call before hand to check.\n\nNice beer list, including cider!  Mac and cheese is awesome!"
	: "YUMMY. The idea of cookies between ice cream is GENIUS. Perfect for the hot day, but prepared to make a little mess. ;)\n\nI had the white chocolate macadamia nut cookies with strawberry ice cream and it was OMGSOGOODILOVESTRAWBERRY amazing! The two just compliments each other! The double chocolate chip with mint chocolate ice cream was pretty good, but I have to say my favorite is the white chocolate macadamia nut with strawberry ice cream.\n\nIf you get lucky, you can get the cookies that come fresh out of the oven, which makes it even BETTER!"
	: "Ordered the bacon cheddar burger with waffles fries. Delicous, one of the juciest burgers I have ever had and I loved the waffle fries!"
	: "I've never had anything I didn't like here and I try to get something different every time. They have a nice list of unique appetizers that I haven't seen at many other places. Unfortunately I can't remember the names of them but there's this one that is baby corn with paneer and deep fried. Yum.\n\nIt is a little pricey so for people like me who like to try a little bit of a few things like you can at a buffet it's hard to decide on an entree.\n\nThe atmosphere is inviting and the service is very good."
	: "I was by far more inclined to see this store hidden in hipster Capitol Hill. Not the U-District; but its a fabulous fit on the ave! \nMoksha is defiantly urban-edgy-\"dirty hipster\" in its apparel and accessories. I've found some really fabulous totes that are hand-splattered/bleached to vintage scarves n' shoes, reconstructed vintage dresses, and some killer metal jewelry pieces! \nAnother great thing is that Moksha carries for both guys and girls. \nPrices are good! and when I mean good, I mean forever 21 competitive good! \nGive that wardrobe some nice Seattle edge and visit Moksha!"
	: "I've never had the coffee here. I don't know why. I think it's because this place looks so dirty. The steam wand is always covered in crusted up, burnt milk... but they've got a nice selection of granola and other little goodies. They have a nice tea selection, which is usually what I order to drink. \n\nThe cafe is super cramped, and pretty hard to get a spot to plug in... but they've got free wifi and a nice outdoor seating area. I only go here if I want to do a little reading or there's nowhere else to go. I have to make sure to bring my own headphones. The blas\u00e9 baristas are usually pumping music super loudly, especially during the evenings."
	: "As a grocery store, this place is overpriced, narrow and crowded. My five-star review is reserved simply for the best thing you can get here: the bacon, egg and cheese sandwich on a roll. Best in the city. The eggs are perfectly cooked on the frying surface, you have your choice of cheeses (I prefer cheddar or pepper jack), the bacon isn't over- or undercooked, not too salty, just the right amount of grease. Top with a slice or two of tomato with the perfect amount of sweet and acid, and sandwich between a lightly toasted roll, and then you have the best bacon, egg and cheese on a roll in the city."
	: "We are always looking for a new place in the Chambana area during football season and somehow Black Dog had eluded us.  Luckily I ran into a friend who opened our eyes.  \n\nWe went to the ASU night game and after a long night of cheering we were hungry!  We arrived around 9:30 / 10:00 pm and the place was still pretty full.  When we sat down the server announced that they were out of quite a few menu items.  We weren't shy about our disappointment and a little bit later the server told us they were going to make more of the twice baked potato casserole.  Hooray!  Oh and they were DELICIOUS!\n\nEverything was so good.  The bbq has more of a smoked flavor which I really like.  I ordered the pulled pork with the house sauce.  The sauce was a bit spicy (I am a wimp) but I did sample some others that I liked.  \n\nI can't wait to go back to try some burnt ends and some other sauces."
	: "I love this place. I don't know how many times I've been here now but I've tried many things and liked each of them. \n\nThings to try:\n-chef's salad with poppyseed dressing\n-chili\n-sandwiches\n\nThey're all so good and I'm sure I'll come back to Berkeley to visit my alma mater, of course, and get some amazing salad from Intermezzo."
	: "Excellent food, and enough to feed you even if you have a large appetite (like me).  I love the curries, the fried rice, and the drunken noodles.  Not spicy enough for me, but probably good enough for most."
	: "Great food! Love to come here its always good."
	: "Cheap, hot, pretty good pizza, at least when you get it by the slice.  And they make a quite good meatball sandwich.  There is better pizza in the world, but not for this price in Manhattanville.  The staff is friendly and the seating area, while barebones, is clean."
	: "I have been to this Chipotle once.  I waited in line for about 40 minutes to get an americanized burrito.  It was decently yummy but definitely overpriced and definitely took too long.  Considering Chipotle used to be partially owned by McDonald's, I would expect the speed to be a little bit more... speedy? If McDonald's is anything it's quick.\n\nIt's decent food but uhm this is California and there's real, and way more delicious, Mexican food all around.  Also, quac is extra on top of the burrito already being overpriced.  I am a firm believer in quacamole on all (food-related) things Mexican and am usually willing to pay the extra $.50-1.50.  Not here.\n\nThe best part about my visit here was that it was the night of the Emmy's.  When we were walking back to campus, we found a stray kitten.  I kept it.  In my dorm room.  For a semester. (I took him to the vet, the next day, no worries.)  He then went to live with my parents back in the bay area.  So Chipotle makes me think of Felix."
	: "This was definitely a good call by my man to try this place out for dinner!  \n\nWe started out with very courteous service, and were seated in the back patio atrium area - very cute.  I always love a natural light lit patio that has air conditioning, especially in the summer.\n\nWe ordered a bottle of wine, and it was really very good - I think I've found a new Malbec to love.  When we asked about which dish was better, we got an immediate non hesitant answer (just what I like to hear), so we placed our orders and enjoyed the ambiance in the meantime.\n\nThe food came out - and I really did like the lasagna.  The sauce was excellent, and tasted like it was made of fresh tomatoes. It was almost a tad too cheesy for me, but it was so good overall that it worked out really well.  We also ordered the Chicken Marsala - which for me, I always did not like - and it was REALLY good.  I think my distaste for the dish had to do with me tasting one that didn't have a good sauce.. so this place has opened up a whole new realm of Italian dishes for me.  Definitely had a good time!"
	: "This place deserves to be better known. They have some of the best-prepared food in the area."
	: "Me and my girls are big pizza eaters and huge fans of Pauline's in SF. Howie's pizza was not good. The crust was soft and mushy and the pizza was too cheesy. We were not impressed at all. The place itself is nice, good service, the salad was pretty good, but you come to an \"artisan\" pizza place for delicious pizza and Howie's didn't deliver."
	: "this bar is heavily overrated.  i think Margot F got this one good. they never know what they're out of. it's crowded. it's like some creepy 20 - 30 somethings mating grounds. i don't even understand. the one thing i do like about it, is indeed their beer selection."
	: "Awesome running club that meets every Tuesday, rain or shine.  There's free giveaways occasionally plus a free shirt after 10 runs and discounts at running stores.  The 3 mile loop is a mostly a dirt track around Rice University with lots of trees (and shade).  I definitely recommend going!"
	: "Cafe Intermezzo is probably one of my favorite salad/sandwich restaurants in Berkeley. There is a reason (or several reasons,) why there is always a long line during lunch. Here are just some of them:\n\n-The bread is amazing (honey wheat is the best!)\n-The poppy seed dressing is delicious--not too sweet and not too heavy.\n-The portions are very generous.\n-The variety is great--I am personally a huge fan of their egg salad sandwiches.\n-Great prices.\n-A side of fruit--yay!"
	: "There are two locations, one just off Walnut Street in Shadyside and one on Craig Street in north Oakland.  The hours are quite limited, but I like the French neighborhood cafe vibe. \nThe crepes and coffee are really good, and they have a great selection of French tea.  The place is quite hectic, however.  As everyone said, wait in line to order, then get a table.  I have been in both locations many times, and it has never been a problem, though it does seem a bit weird at first. \n As for the service, it seems that their attitude is to give any rudeness you give them right back.  Be polite, and they will treat you accordingly."
	: "I have never cut my hair here but a brazillian wax only costs $25 + tip! Ask for Nazzy- she's sweet, fast, and experienced but a little rough at times. Usually brazillians take over half an hour but she was done in 10 minutes which sounds a little too quick, but either way she got the job done. They have waxing rooms in the back of the hair salon so it's comfortable and private. Only thing I thought was weird was that she used the same wooden waxing stick the entire time and kept dipping in the bowl of wax that was probably used for the person before and after me... pretty sure that is unsanitary but whatever. \n\nOh and finding street parking is impossible but no worries, there is a god! On Broxton just around the corner of La Belle, there is a public parking garage that gives two hours of free parking. Free parking!! music to my ears. \n\nP.S. Stan's Donuts right next to La Belle is delicious. go for the apple crisp!!\n\n1/12/08: ugh. Don't settle for Mina if Nazzy is not there. bad job"
	: "Oh American Apparel. You're overpriced. You're seedy. You make me feel fat. Basically, you're that pervy old pseudo-relative who can simultaneously make you feel inadequate AND like you're about to get touched in naughty ways. Not my favorite character.\n\nI have major beef with Dov Charny, with their \"living wage\" claims, with their sexist ads.\n\nBut uh, some of their clothing is pretty cool. I own that high waisted denim skirt and it's great... just made with sin =/"
	: "I'm all about locally owned, friendly businesses and La Luna totally rocks! The staff is great- very helpful when trying to decide which of their tasty menu items you're going to try...they have outside seating, great indoor seating, and free WiFi. you really can't beat that...\n\nI had the chicken ceaser salad and it didn't dissapoint...it was a really big salad and hit the spot! Had I not over done it with lunch I would have absolutely tried out some of the delicious looking gelato & pastries in their case for dessert.. Looks like I'll be back soon to sample more deliciousness :)"
	: "We met a group here after work and the staff was very friendly.  Great atmosphere to be outdoors but still shielded from the hot Texas sun.  We ordered a variety of appetizers with some beer.  There are tv's all over to watch whatever may be on that day."
	: "I would say that John Harvard's is a little too hyped, but their beer is fine and food above average.\n\nAs a recent student transplant to Cambridge, I've been here about 5 times in the last two weeks.  It seems to be the go ahead bar for students in the area, or at least one of them.  I don't know if it's the name or what... That should be noted though, you're going to get a lot of students here.\n\nThe beer is alright but nothing special.  I found it watered down and not very unique.  It's not bad by any means but just not one of my favorite brew houses.  You could call me spoiled, though, because I grew up on the Brewer's Art in Baltimore.\n\nThe food is very good.  I've had a burger there, the Green Pueblo Salad, and a pizza.  It's a little bit better than a TGI Friday's or Chili's, but has that sort of menu and taste.\n\nThe location is great and it's reasonably priced.  Not great, not bad."
	: "You won't be disappointed, but the rest of us already know that so if you want a seat come early because they won't last.  Save room for the beignets, freshly made piping hot little donuts, sprinkled with powdered sugar and fresh fruit.  This won't be easy because you'll want to start with a Back Abbey burger, mouth watering beef, bacon, gouda, carmelized onions, aioli sauce and micro greens on a buttery brioche bun.  It's almost impossible to resist the pommes frites, freshly made with an assortment of dipping sauces.  This place doesn't own a freezer because they don't need one and they don't believe in take-out because it goes against their ethos.  This place is about hanging out and washing al of that amazing food down with the best selection of Belgium beer on tap.  Not feeling like burgers and fries: amazing soups, salads, crabcakes, tri-tip sandwiches, and from what I hear one of the best ribeyes in town.  Not feeling like driving just yet, wander around the corner and take in a movie next door."
	: "One of the better values in the Claremont Village. Located within walking distance to the movies and the Hip Kitty jazz club, Bua Thai is great place to eat something delicious without having to drive out of town and come back to check out the Claremont Village.\n\nI'm not sure if I'd come here if I had business in Pasadena, Pomona or any of Claremont's neighboring cities. Whenever I want a cheap meal at Claremont, it's always a good choice compared to the pricey but delicious Back Abbey and Casablanca."
	: "Lakaton!  Warm service.  A bit cramped in the dining room, but wonderfully delicious pasta dishes that always feel interesting yet familiar.  The lamb ragu here should probably go up on my Top 10 list of comfort foods.  The Manager/Host is consistently warm and inviting.  It's like he's welcoming you to his home.  I like that.  It's a CASH ONLY place and you should probably know that before coming here.  It's worth the effort though, you won't be disappointed!"
	: "One word: Yum!"
	: "Oh, eww.  Cute name, baaad food.  Their fries taste like salty cardboard.  And yes, I *have* eaten salty cardboard before.  It tastes slightly better than Smart Alec's fries!"
	: "The food here is good (the corn chowder with corn fritters is especially delicious -- I tipped the bowl upside down and drained it before I even realized what I was doing), the service is friendly and efficient, and this is one of the nicest outdoor spaces in LA at the moment (since Orso is gone and whatever there's now is obnoxious).  \n\nHOWEVER, it's lousy with tourists.  Of course.  Because it's a hotel.  But the tourists often come with obnoxious children running around and screaming, even at dinner.  A lovely terrace with good food and nice service can be ruined by two or three screaming, wild children.  I don't look forward to going back."
	: "I like the Lithonia location much better... It's much bigger and less congested!! The food is wonderful of course! I mean who doesn't like chicken & Waffles? the sides are good as well... And Glady's knight actually came to the restuarant while I was there and that just made my experience sooo much better!!!! :-) \n\nThis place is great!"
	: "I was worried that this place would be pricey, because it does come across as a gormet market, but as it turns out, Iwas wrong. Some things are cheaper in other stores, but I did a price to price comparison with some of the items that I buy frequently, and not only did central market beat Dag, West Side and Morton Williams, but it even beat C-Town in packaged foods, with better selection to boot.  The place is clean and well lit, s you know what you are buying, the produce is good for a NY supermarket, and the meat selection, while small, was all good quality. This has become my daily market in the area, and I reccommend it over corner grocers with inferior products.\n\nI did find packaged asian foods to be limited and significantly higher priced than M2M over on Broadway (6.00 for dried seaweed snacks compared to 2.50 at M2M), so keep that in mind."
	: "Awesome wine bar with tasty food, cool crowd and great bartenders.  Modern decor with glass-enclosed wine room in the back.  Look for specials and events in their email newsletter.  Great place to go for late night drinks or happy hours."
	: "Amazing burgers and good beers. Occasionally they even have some from Oregon on tap :)\nTry the crab cake burger for the most delicious coronary trauma you can buy on the commons.\nIt can be hard to get a good seat sometimes but if you are looking for a burger and beer you can't go wrong."
	: "We just left there after a 6 PM dinner.  A 3 hour meal.  Service was non-existent and the restaurant was only at about 25% capacity. None of us had dessert.  The food ranged from just OK to very good. This place is a definite pass for dinner."
	: "Similar to the many other frozen yogurt places surrounding West U. and Rice U., but charges you twice as much. I won't be back, given that Purple Vanilla is down the road and literally half the price."
	: "Ugh, yet another mediocre Mexican restaurant in Seattle. Do we really need another one? To top it off, the prices are ridiculous and they're a chain which, according to word of mouth, is owned by McDonalds. Not the kind of business I would feel good about supporting, even if their food were terrific."
	: "One of my favorite patios in Austin! Very dog-friendly! Each time I've been there, my server has brought out a bowl of water for my dogs right after delivering my drinks. Love the happy hour prices, and love that they have cider on tap!"
	: "There is so much to do at the Houston Museum of Natural Science.  In addition to their rotating exhibits you can always expect to have fun with the permanent displays that fill the beautiful building with educational delight.\n\nIn the main exhibit hall, expect to see the fossils and explore the wonders of energy.  A trip upstairs will take you through the many environments that fill our world with lifelike habitat exhibits.  Then, there is the hall of gems and stones that has a maze of spectacular rocks encased and lit up like magic.\n\nIf you just happen to run through the main hall and are wondering what else to do, take in an IMAX movie at the theatre.  Or visit the Burke Baker Planetarium for a show.  And always a crowd favorite, the Cokerell Butterfly center takes you into the rainforest where the butterflies will land on you - perfect for taking beautiful shots of feeding or resting butterflies on gorgeous foliage.\n\nThe Houston Museum of Natural Science is a fabulous way to spend a day out of the weather and into a journey of learning."
	: "My favorite place in Princeton! \n\nThe relaxed eastern ambience combined with the friendliness of the owners make this place feel like a home away from home. You can come here any time of the day to work, drink tea, catch up with friends, listen to music, or play board games. Other highlights include free WiFi and a variety of seating areas - from cozy floor cushions to spacious wooden and glass tables in the back perfect for working or studying, to small two person tables ideal for catching up with friends. \n\nThe food and teas/coffees are great (and definitely NOT overpriced) and the owners take extra care to make sure everything is perfect. If not (which is very rare), they will often bring a new meal free of charge. The ingredients are fresh and healthy - the owners make most of the food in the kitchen, and gather ingredients from around the world. The food is vegetarian, and while I am not vegetarian, I have loved all of the items so far. Customer service is amazing 5 star - extremely personal and accomodating, all the items are brought right out to your table, often by the owners themselves, inifinitely better than Starbucks or Small World. While some reviewers have complained that the teas take longer to make, that's only because of the care needed to freshly brew certain varieties of tea - if you're in a hurry, just ask which drinks are made faster. The owners are also very welcoming of feedback and actually make changes based on customer suggestions.\n\nIn addition, Infini-T is not just a tea house, they also have many items for sale - Turkish coffee cups, scarves, spices, and other items gathered from around the world. The furniture is also imported from around the world. On many Friday nights, they have live music, making sure to incorporate a range of styles - jazz, country, folk, more exotic styles as well. Recently, they even had a bellydancing show.\n \nEveryone who I have brought to Infini-T has loved it and many have become regulars. I am here several evening per week and highly recommend it."
	: "I've gone back a couple of times now. I still don't mind the aloof attitude of the staff - but I do wish that they'd give you a heads up when they're out of something. The last time I went in for an avocado sandwich sans dressing I got back to work and unwrapped an $8 mess of green sogginess. Usually the sandwich has radishes, carrots, and sprouts. Apparently they ran out while making my sandwich and just shoved it full of avocados and arugula. Oh a nice bitter lunchtime treat...perfect match to the bitter feeling my wallet felt knowing we were cheated out of all of those colorful veggies."
	: "Why are there some non-5 star reviews for this local hardware store is my question. I've shopped here for over 10 years, and most of the staff are the same. They will take 20 minutes to teach you how to install something. They will all crowd around and ooh and ahh over the good deal you got on their favorite cordless drill, and your kids and dog can eat popcorn while you get that perfect screw for the task. We love this place and wouldn't think of going to Home Depot unless we need lumber."
	: "Pretty tasty. I got a single scoop of chocolate. Yeah, I know boring, right? But it was chocolate done right. Very creamy and chocolaty. My two complaints would be that the chocolate custard seemed to start melting as soon as it hit the cone, and the cone was a bit stale. ."
	: "I came in because I was starving and my bus ride home wasn't for another 30 minutes.\n\nI ordered their taro bubble tea, and it was definitely not the best I've had.  Somehow, it lacked a lot of flavor and I didn't even want to finish it.  There are definitely better spots on The Ave for a bubble tea treat.  \n\nI also ordered the hum bao which was okay, but nothing spectacular.  \n\nIf you want some good bubble tea, keep walking north and head of Oasis."
	: "This was the favorite of my friends when we'd see a movie at the Bridge, er, Rave. I always balked going there because I want my Mexican food cooked with more love and care. The food had the elements of Mexican food, but it never seemed worth the calories. What I can say is that it's fast, which is important to make a movie showing. The food is also filling, but not in a soul satisfying way. \n\nI think Qdoba is successful because it fits a certain need - food for people who don't have the money or time to invest in a full restaurant experience. And it is a better alternative to the McDonalds that is a block away."
	: "Food was good and the naan was great!  The service was pretty slow though, there were only two other tables of people too.  I'd go back but didn't think it was anything to write home about."
	: "I love Finn's! Mainly because of their 1$ wells Wednesday but also because they always make great strong drinks. It's conveniently located right on the ave and the atmosphere is always lively but not too crazy. If you're ever in the u-district area and looking for a great cheap drink Finn's is definitely the place to be."
	: "This place used to be one of my favorites around UCLA.  i decided to stop by out of nostalgia.  i remember my friends and i used to stack up our bowls really high that the cooks would laugh at our tower of noodles.  \n\ntip: make sure you take an extra napkin or two and smash down the frozen meat because they shrink when they are cooked."
	: "I had heard great things and convinced some friends to try on a sun drenched summer afternoon. Their cocktail list looked pretty epic - I decided on a non alcoholic bevvie that had plenty of flavor - house made ginger beer! Which tasted exactly like, ginger! Really refreshing - although I was surprised that I liked my friends peanut drink more. I tried the Jamaican jerk chicken which the sauce had lots of flavor - sadly, the chicken not as much. My Friend tried the specialty - and we tried both breads with the chicken curries and I would recommend those over the jerk chicken.  Would like to come back and try more of the menu - lots of veggie and vegan options!"
	: "I'm biased by the fact that USC football games happen here (the only reasons I have ever been there is football games) and when the fans all get together in the stands, it's a fun place to be.  Honestly the stadium is not in that great of shape (kind of old), but because it's the home of the Trojans, I really don't care.  I imagine renovations might happen in the future, but I really don't have any solid grounds to base that idea on"
	: "See below for my reviews of the general establishment.  Individual cupcake reviews (I've tried most -of them!) follow.  Note that these are based on my personal tastes (chocolate is better than vanilla, the darker the better, and buttercream frosting is better than cream cheese frosting):  \n\n***Dark Chocolate***: I know it's too rich for some people, but if you love dark chocolate this cupcake is to die for.   Moist dark chocolate cake and rich, bittersweet buttercream frosting.   They use the finest quality chocolate and you can tell.  This is my #1 cupcake of all time, here or anywhere else.\n***Mocha***: A close second to the dark chocolate, this has the same cake as the dark chocolate and a very similar frosting, but it has a mocha flavor as well.  It is powerful but not overwhelming and is really, really excellent as well.\n***Banana***: Another cupcake they do very well.  It is available with vanilla or dark chocolate frosting, and sometimes milk chocolate frosting (off-the-menu).   I obviously prefer it with dark chocolate, but my bf loves the vanilla (it is his favorite Sprinkles cupcake in fact).  The cake is moist and has a nice banana flavor without being too strong.   \n***Milk Chocolate***: These cupcakes have milk chocolate frosting, and either a vanilla cake part (Vanilla Milk Chocolate) or a dark chocolate cake base (Milk Chocolate).  Obviously, I prefer dark over milk chocolate but I think the frosting is still pretty good, although it is cream cheese-based, rather than butter-based, and thus has a different taste.  I also think the dark chocolate cake is moister than the vanilla cake.   \n***Vanilla***: This is vanilla cake with vanilla frosting.   I found this boring and bland (and also think their vanilla cake is too dry).\n***Red Velvet***: Probably their most popular, but I think it is over-hyped.  I am not a huge fan of red velvet cupcakes in general, but I don't like these.  The frosting is ok (considering I'm not a cream cheese frosting person and I like it pretty well, it must be pretty good), but I find the cake part way too oily.   Also the red food coloring they use bleeds all over your hands when you're eating it.\n***Strawberry***: This one is WAY too sweet.   I like strawberries fairly well, but this cupcake just has an incredibly overpowering sweetness that makes it hard to eat.  \n***Cinnamon Sugar***: This \"cupcake\" has no frosting and tastes basically like a muffin.   It is a fairly bland muffin at that (no fruit, no chocolate, etc) and is pretty dry.  It was edible, but not better than a typical grocery store muffin and certainly not worth $3.25\n***Chai Latte***: The cardamom is overpowering.  I like chai tea, but I didn't like this cupcake at all.  Half of it went in the trash.\n***Peanut Butter Chip***: I like the cake part, which has a very mild peanut butter flavor and chocolate chips throughout (even better when slightly melted) and the frosting has a strong peanut flavor, but you get the chocolate flavor from the chocolate sprinkles.  Pretty good.\n***Orange***: I don't eat oranges, but my boyfriend liked it alright.  No raves though.\n***Pumpkin***: Nice, lightly spiced pumpkin cake and cinnamon cream cheese frosting.  The frosting is not my favorite (cream cheese) and is a little too sweet, but its balanced by the pumpkin cupcake.   This is one of my favorite non-chocolate cupcakes.\n***Key Lime*** (seasonal):  I don't like key lime flavor.  My boyfriend liked it reasonably well, but didn't give it any raves.\n***Lemon Blueberry*** (seasonal): We didn't hate it, but given how much we both like blueberries, this cupcake is not the best.\n***Summer Cherry*** (seasonal): I didn't try (I hate cherries) but my boyfriend was not a fan at all, and said this might be the worst Sprinkles cupcake he tried.\n***Raspberry*** (seasonal):  I really hated it, but my boyfriend loved it, so I guess it depends on your raspberry threshold (it is VERY raspberry-ey and also verrryyyy sweet...I thought it tasted like cough medicine).\n***Almond Dark Chocolate***(seasonal): Dark chocolate frosting that I love, of course, but the almond cake is terrible.  I like almonds fairly well, and I don't mind the nuts in the cake even though they are a little soggy.  But they used about 10 times too much almond extract and so the cake has an incredibly overpowering, artificial flavor (and smell!)\n***Flourless Chcolate***(seasonal) They only have this the week of Passover, but it is outstanding.   It tastes much more like a brownie than a normal cupcake and comes with a vanilla glaze instead of frosting, but its really really good.    \n\nI don't recommend the \"minis\" that they've introduced now.  Its a tempting idea - cheaper & a smaller portion size, but they're SO small (one bite, basically) that its hardly worth $2.   They're also a bit drier than the regulars and the frosting is plopped on  & not spread out. \n\n(Best ___: Best Cupcake)"
	: "I'm all about great sandwich places, and The Cheese House definitely falls under that category.  Everything tastes fresh.  Great selection of cheese, as well as other fine deli items (chocolates, chips, crackers, etc.).\n\nOne drawback: there isn't much seating at all.  A few tables outside (none indoors) that are usually occupied by high schoolers.  But, the space is really small and there's not much they can do about that!  Not their fault so I'm not taking a star away.\n\nEverything you'd want out of a sandwich place.  And probably a little bit more.\n\nAlso, I saw Andrew Luck here one day.  If he likes it, it's gotta be good! :)  GO CARD!"
	: "I've been getting stuff embroidered here for a few years now, and the service, quality, and pricing are all worth 5 stars! The owners of Joy's are this cute Korean couple who are very very friendly, and they understand exactly what I want to get done without much explanation. They even take into consideration what \"looks good\" as well, instead of just \"doing it\". They are quite speedy too! All in all, I'd highly recommend Joy's for its low prices and great quality and service!"
	: "They're open late with a great choice of munchies. Sure it's just fries, but don't you sometimes want JUST FRIES? Cuz I do. Maybe it's a girl craving thing... Try the Jamacian Jerk seasoning and Mango Chutney dipping sauce. Mmm, amazing, especially after hours of gallavanting at the bars.\n\np.s. i LOVE how they're super clean. even the deep fryers are still shiny and not gross-looking like at some other places..\n\nNew edit:\nI realized, that this place is the reason why I started to REALLY like beer as a beverage to accompany food, and not just alcohol to get totally smashed off of. (Though it serves the latter purpose very well haha.) Thanks, Bel Frites, now I'm obsessed with Stella Artois!!! But not as obsessed as I am with these beautiful fries. Ohhh man."
	: "The baked beans here are delicious! I think I'm here everyday to get a side of them - perfect amount and the prices good. The owner is super sweet and one can tell she truly cares about her customers. I admire and respect people who care about his/her business and is passionate in the restaurant industry. I come here often (as you can tell in my foursquare check-ins lol) for lunch and order the baked beans if I'm not too hungry, or the honky tonk bowl with beef brisket if I'm hungry. Ahh.. I'm craving the baked beans as I write this review! :)"
	: "Tasty garlic fried chicken and other delicious dishes, with a side of cool Korean FOB vibe --including k-pop tunes and custom 'BBQ Chicken' seat fabric!"
	: "Strolled in here just to look at bikes and rode out on a 2011 vita! Staff was super helpful and explained each bike's specs to me. They had several options for shorter folks, which I appreciated, and they made sure the bike I picked was comfortable in terms of grip placement, height and handlebars. They were super knowledgeable without being condescending and answered all my questions. I'm coming here for all my bike needs :)"
	: "I'm a fan of anyone that will deliver, but a bigger fan of a place that will deliver delicious food fast. So far my coworkers and I have sampled several of the favorites...\n\nAnd my food just came in the door, less than a half hour from ordering!"
	: "The epitome of a lovely place to spend a Friday night. I came here on a whim  for my friend's birthday. I ordered a dark and stormy, and my friend ordered the caliente margarita. What tasty cocktails! I went home wondering where they had been all my life. We dinned in their outdoor area, which is right on the sidewalk in Central Square. The food was a bit expensive for what it was, and it didn't produce quite as rhapsodical a reaction as the cocktails did. Still, I've spent subsequent weekends trying to reproduce the the experience of springtime open-air dinning with a perfect dark and stormy. So far, nothing in my neighborhood, Allston-Brighton, has been quite as magical."
	: "I went here on a night they were having a trivia night. \n\nOur waiter was incredibly well versed regarding the menu and was extensively attentive. The bread with olive oil was delicious (and I justified eating an extra piece with an \"its healthier than butter\" in my head.)\n\nThe food was delicious (I had the Chilled Asparagus Vichyssoise with truffled bacon crumble & country hen organic egg and Misty Knoll Farm Spring Roast Chicken with celery, farro & golden mushrooms), all served without delay and the entire experience was a positive one. \n\nWonderful experiences here, I will definitely be back."
	: "Hi, I'm Ellen and I'm addicted to Ollie's. I've spent a total of about two months in China over three trips, and eating at Ollie's is about as close as you're gonna get to eating in Beijing (at least if you're much closer to Columbia University or the 72nd St. Subway station than you are to Worker's Stadium). The whole menu is inspiring but I usually stick to a big bowl of roast duck wonton soup. That is a luscious, satisfying meal for what-- $7.00?"
	: "I'm not sure what the big gripe about the drive-through is, YOU'RE IN WESTWOOD, IT'S CROWDED.  Get over it and just relax while you wait for your food.  If it's super-busy, they have people coming out to the line to get your order.  I usually don't go inside because I'm on my way somewhere else.  In-N-Out is classic, no matter where it is."
	: "I've always been a fan of Korean food and have walked past this spot numerous times.  This place is always packed and usually has a wait during dinner.  I've been meaning to try this spot for a while and finally got the opportunity during a Friday dinner.  There was only 2 of us so our wait ended up being no more than 10 mins.\nEverything was delicious and food came out quick.  Ordered the short ribs and the tofu soup and finished everything! I'll be back soon and will bring new folks to experience this great place."
	: "THE BIGGEST FRICKING CALZONE!  I posted a picture for reference.  This calzone is more like a family-sized chicken pot pie. \n\nIn some ways, it is almost too big.  I know the disappointment of not finishing is countered by the jubilation of left-overs for lunch the next day.  However, this foot-ball sized Italian beast is so huge, that the crust to filling ratio is a little off.  I love cheese, but it's tough for me to eat a pound or two of it without plenty of bread.\n\nOtherwise, the calzone is very tasty.  The crust is AWESOME.  Crispy, crunchy, soft, and flavorful.\n\nI think one of things I like most about the Cellar is the seating in the basement/\"Cellar.\"  It reminds me of an English pub with the plaster walls and dark lighting."
	: "The food here is TERRIBLE. Nothing ever has much flavor and everything looks likes it's been circulating in trays for days. On an aside note, the music is weird!"
	: "This was my favorite Korean restaurant to go to as a student.  I'm sure now that I've experienced other Korean food, I might go back and change my mind, but I'm going off of when I was a student.  I used to get the rice noodles + ramen here and enjoy all the pancham and tea.  I really liked that the restaurant was a little mom and pop restaurant, because I saw the same man and woman there every time I went"
	: "It's not just a drug store!!  Although it is that, too.  The pharmacist has  been there since I was an undergrad last decade.\n\nHint: Let your olfactory senses lead you to the rear, and order a tasty burger.  The chicken fingers are decent, fries are on par, but the milkshakes are over the top!  Yum.  Decent hot dogs, too. \n\nSteer clear if you're calorie counting or are socially awkward and \"can't handle\" sitting next to someone you might not know.\n\nPS Don't bring a group, its infrastructure isn't set up for that."
	: "I think this was the first restaurant I went to in downtown when I moved to AA.  I was frankly a little disappointed because the food was mediocre and expensive.  The food tastes too American . . . ?  Dishes that I normally enjoy and consider favorites were just a little too sweet or salty. It wasn't terrible, but something about them just didn't taste right.\n\nI wouldn't really recommend this for Indian food, unless you were looking for a nicer, \"American\" atmosphere and don't mind the altered flavors of the food.  I suggest Mahek or Madras Masala instead."
	: "Helpful staff. The prices seem high, but the quality and selection are good."
	: "I flew down for one mission and it was to distract one of my girl friends because her boyfriend was planning to propose to her at Hip Kitty last Friday night (September 12th). MISSION MARRY ANNE ACCOMPLISHED! Everything went according to plan! \n\nIt was my first time there and heard so many good things about this place so I had to see it for myself. \n\nHow could you not get turned on by the live jazz band and fondue noshing? I mean, c'mon..a full bar, ample leather couches and seating, great vibe, diversed crowd and even ample garage parking right across the street! \n\nOkay..about the food. Anne ordered the cheese fondue and it was so good. We dipped pieces of bread, vegetables and fruit in it. It had a bit of heat which I liked. She also ordered a bottle of Reisling. \n\nThe only thing I will complain about is the bar service. Bartenders are so slow! Holy cow. We were standing by the bar trying to flag someone and finally, service. If that was up in SF, bar managers would totally step it up. I don't understand why it takes 10 minutes to make 2 drinks?! Time is of the essence. \n\nService was spotty. Although, our server did not know what is on the wine menu nor had any inkling to what kind of wine is a reisling, a difference between a pinot gris or a pinot noir. I was a bit taken aback by his miseducation but then again, I may have high standards since I am from Northern California. /endsarcasm.\n\nWe didn't have time to get the full meal deal, definitely next time is a MUST. I'll be back!"
	: "If you haven't been to Blakes for food for awhile, go back. They have revamped the menu to make it much for manageable to be able to make some decent food decisions. Their menu used to be just so freakin' big, it was impossible for me to choose. It was unwieldy, I tell ya.\n\nI had an incredible salad and my bf had a burger. Where else can you get a Niman Ranch burger for under $7? You're not gonna get that at Barney's....\n\nOur service was spot-on and attentive. \n\nIt looks like they've done some interior upgrades to  the main floor. Nice touches throughout. I'll be back."
	: "there on friday, bout 730, lots of groups of people, felt like s. beach scene....would go again...drinks/apps pricey though"
	: "Love it."
	: "This is a mom and pop, (and grandmom, and grandpop, and daughter operation...even the eight year old girl will come by and chat with you, with more poise than most sommeliers), that just opened up in the Old Eddie's Market. While Eddie's, as occupied by its latter proprietors, had indecipherable Soviet Post Office Hours, Ginger is pretty much open from a more convenient FiddlerRoofian Sunrise to Sunset, to accomodate ideal rumpus hours across the street at Grant Park. \n\nMy picnic date and I ordered the Roast Beef Sandwich ($7) with arugula, red onion marmalade, and horseradish aioli. The horseradish was mild, and good for those whose palate and disposition are not \"as thick as Tewkesbury Mustard,\" but the sandwich was still very flavorful, as was the marinated veggie with goat cheese sandwich ($6). As side salads, we got the Greek (picnic date thought there was too much raw amino acid sulfoxide-laden onion) and the potato salad (very classic and simple, but good...not too much mayo, but still soft potatoes for the win!). I came back the next day and ordered a cafe mocha, which is made with our native Pasadena delicious Jone's coffee. The owner was so excited about the new shipment of chocolate, and thus my mocha was truly Oompa-loompaesque. (He asked if he put too much chocolate, which is unfortunately a question based on an impossible premise, and I will soon vigorously recommend that he read \"Plato and Platypus Walk Into a Bar.\") I do have perhaps one gripe with the otherwise delicious cafe mocha; in my opinion it wasn't quite warm enough, so increasing the brew temp would be my only suggestion. We partook of the free samples of desserts (a savory cookie with lots of herbs and spices and a flaky pastry with chocolate), and both were delicious.  \n\nThe store is very cute and has old fashioned Hershey bars, soda pop bottles, and various other Ye-Olde-Confectionary-Shoppe style items. They also have a few toys for the kiddos. These are cool, but I do recommend supplying larger and heavier hula hoops, for all but the tiniest of children. This is because (according to a powerpoint I just found on the internet), it's easier to keep the hula going that way: \"The heavy hoop has more rotational energy, so it will be easier to keep moving. The faster the hoop goes!, the more centripetal force...which pushes it up against my body! The more normal force it feels from my body, the more static friction is keeping it from sliding down.\" Basically, what happened was that I told my picnic date I was a world-class hula hooper, and this ended in a major embarrassment. \n\nAnyway, I highly recommend heading to Ginger and having a nice picnic, while ogling at cute basketball players in the courts across the street. The food is good and reasonably priced, and the whole family is very friendly and excited for people to like their food."
	: "My previous review was:\n\"Good place for a first date\" 4 stars\nWell, that relationship went up in flames.\n\nJust kidding. Kinda. I came here again and, I don't know what it is, the food doesn't taste good anymore. The chicken in the tikka masala was dry and impossible to chew and the alu ghobi was really salty.\nTo top it off, the meal made me really queasy and uncomfortable for the rest of the night (food poisoning? I dont know...)"
	: "Ok this place is cool. Like you can get a cappuccino and then run to the train. Very similar to the location on university ave, but a little more convenient for most. And there is a perk, I noticed on the receipt given from the main location on university that you can get a free espresso or cappuccino just by showing your receipt from the other location. Pretty chill and economical since this place is a little $$ overall. \n\nI have the croissants here usually and they pretty good and flaky."
	: "Good food.  But it really creeps me out that no women seem to work there and they have a large staff."
	: "Cosmopolitan atmosphere with a great variety of meats, veggies, sauces, and noodles cooked to order."
	: "Wings to Go is rad.  Excellent wings and tenders, with lots of different sauces from spicy to sweet.  Can be highly addictive..."
	: "Great place to go for interesting decor, good conversation, drinks and a meal.  The old train cars are really well-decorated and the staff is really friendly.  I took a friend who was visiting from out of town and she was really entertained by the place.  Even the bathrooms are decorated from floor to ceiling with old posters, ads, and magazine covers from the 40s-60s.  \n\nThe spinach and artichoke dip was divine!  Bellinis were yummy and very appropriate for our girls' lunch.  She had the chicken sandwich and ate every last morsel.  I had the portobello mushroom sandwich with a side salad and was very happy with my selection.  We just couldn't fathom dessert with all the food we had scarfed down.\n\nI will DEFINITELY be back!"
	: "Love to shop around for interesting pieces here!"
	: "They have some really unique stuff in here. I wish I new what some of it was, but having limited foreign language skills makes it difficult to read some packaging. \n\nHonestly, I don't have anything to compare this place to, and I don't shop there regularly, but I like it for just being unique. \n\nI give this place a solid three stars for carrying some really interesting items that I enjoyed. They also had some beer that I had never seen anywhere else!"
	: "Based on the buffalo tots I had while doing some holiday shopping at LOVE Park a few weeks ago, I'd say I'm a fan. The sizable portion of tots I received definitely filled me up. Tossed in spicy buffalo sauce, and topped with cheese and crispy bacon, the tots come with a serving of ranch dressing to dip into.\n\nWill certainly be back to try a burger, sooner rather than later."
	: "The newest addition to Westwood! This restaurant is pretty pricey for what it is, and has A LOT of options. I got a sandwich, which was pretty good and had a lot of good flavor. Kind of fell apart at the end, though. My boyfriend had a side of some cinnamon apples that seemed mashed or something, and they were delicious. I want to try the dessert waffles as well as the chicken and waffles, but I think this place has room for improvement."
	: "Stevan Brown is a great, no-nonsense chiropractor. He has helped me out of two problems and he is honest about saying that you are done with treatment and does not make you linger on forever if you don't need it. He also does not sell a bunch of \"stuff\" which I respect a great deal. I hate going to a natural health venue when they want to sell you hundreds of dollars of vitamins and what not. Dr. Brown does not do that.\n\nI have tried others, but not anymore."
	: "I can't speak for the Indian food here, but I had the best falafel of my life last night at this place. The staff was attentive and friendly, and I got the strong sense that the owner was truly proud of the food he and his crew prepare. It's spring break for UW, so I had the chance to relax and enjoy an empty restaurant with great company and no pressure.\n\n(I am reviewing the location pictured in the photo attached to this entry; it seems there are several others that may share the same name.)"
	: "Picked up some doughnuts before work this morning, and Kamal had a couple of star-shaped, orange-glazed, sweetness-filled doughnuts that he called Orange Dreams.  He mentioned that he had created them for a Yelp party that never came to fruition, with the stars being part of the Yelp theme.\n\nI find it fitting to add another one to my review of Sublime, because after consuming these treats, created especially for us, I now know what Mario feels like--super and invincible (but only for a limited time). \n\nThe princess may be in another castle, but that just means I'll need to get more magic orange-flavored stars..."
	: "The main selling point of this restaurant is their relatively cheap food/drink.  They offer an $8 all you can eat buffet (w/ naan by request) and $8 pitchers of beer.  The food is not good but, if you're thirsty, it is a good deal.."
	: "Now that I'm no longer a student, I will probably never frequent this ERC again.\n\nBut for the last two years, it's been good, nay, lifesaving, to have a coffeeshop close enough that I could take a bathroom break, run down, grab a latte, and still make it back to class within our 10 minute break.\n\n$2 latte day  on Wednesday makes getting through the week a little easier.   \n\nThe frozen/blended coffee drinks are  not great....watery and just not worth the $4.50 or whatever that you pay for them (prices are comparable to other coffeeshops, just in this case, not worth it).\n\nAlmond earl grey tea latte IS worth it.  Warm, cozy, yummy, and only a couple bucks....got me by during midterms, finals, and other times when I was so overcaffeinated and under-rested that another coffee would have surely given me a stroke.\n\nI've never hung out here because it's too crowded...tried to study in the basement a few times, but didn't generally get much done or manage to get comfy.\n\nThe best thing about the South U ERC is the convenience.  I'm a coffee addict, but not a connoisseur (not a connoisseur of anything, really).  So I found it decent and drinkable.  It met my needs, and I was grateful, and it's pretty much the only coffeeshop I frequented from 2007-2009, when I was basically in West Hall all the time.  But like I said...I'm not going out of my way to go back.  In fact, have pretty much totally switched over to Washtenaw Dairy coffee--cheap, hot, reliable, and full of caffeine is all I need.\n\nOh yeah, I LOVE the chocolate peanut butter brownie bars.  Wasn't thrilled by the muffins.  Haven't really eaten anything else here, though I've been tempted by the soup."
	: "This is a jewel of an art museum, with an incredibly broad collection for a museum of this size. They have everything from ancient Egyptian to Japanese prints to video. They have an entire building dedicated to decorative arts of the Colonial period.\nTheir special exhibitions are always interesting. I particularly like the faculty art shows -- so fun to see new stuff and what a great range of talent.\nThis is one of the best places in Providence.\nThe museum is often free for special RISD events."
	: "For the first month or so when this place first opened, I was in line for about an hour each time just to get a cupcake. Nowadays, there is usually no line or at most a 15 minute wait time to get to the counter. \n\nWhat ticks me off about Sprinkles is that for some strange unfathomable reason, they have to make the entire purchase very complicated. 1) you place an order with one girl 2) they relay that order information to another girl to prep 3) yet another girl is in charge of ringing up the customer 4) I don't know why there has to be a wait between ordering, paying, and getting the cupcake. It's not like they make the cupcake as you order it. They're all just sitting there. I wonder why I can't just say, \"I'd like a Red Velvet please,\" then have the person placing my order promptly grab the cupcake, stuff it in a bag, grab, my $3.50 cash, and let me leave. No, they can't do that, because otherwise they can't generate their signature out-the-door queue line.\n\nSure, sprinkles claims to use the most amazingly high quality materials ever, but a cupcake is a cupcake. It's overrated and overpriced. I'm still guilty of going there though, because it's a fun social activity you do with friends. Splurging on overpriced sweets is almost therapeutic after a difficult exam. \n\nMy favorite flavor is Mocha, but they only have that on Thursdays. DANG IT. Second favorite: coconut."
	: "Seems understaffed at night... there were two guys, and they seemed particularly rushed. \n\nThat being said, it's Chipotle.  The burritos still a splode (they're just not that good at wrapping them in a way that will allow for the burrito to keep its consistency throughout the meal.  They're still yummy, so that's good."
	: "I had the sausage fritatta served with hash browns and a biscuit\n\nPros: Lots of toppings.  Not overly cheesy\n\nCons: While the hash browns were tasty, I wish they could have been a bit more crispy.  The biscuit was too dense\n\nSimilar menu to Max's Diner but with smaller portions.  Huge variety.  Food is decent"
	: "So....much.....meat!  There aren't a lot of Brazilian BBQ restaurants in the Peninsula, so Pampas is your best bet if you're in the Palo Alto area. The meat is wonderfully seasoned, cooked on skewers, and carved tableside... and it keeps on coming! $44 will get you all you can eat meat (with many different cuts and types available) + unlimited access to the salad bar. \n\nWhy only 3 stars? I came once for happy hour, and the service was downright awful. We ordered bar food and drinks in the lounge area while standing at the bar, and it took the bartender 1 hour (yes... ONE HOUR) to make our cocktails and even longer for the food to come.\n\nSummary: Good place for a nice dinner, but I'd skip the happy hour / lounge area (unless you want to wait around 1+ hours for your drink)."
	: "I love this place. I wish it were in Chicago. I hung out there a couple times on my last trip and it was so nice, always a table available, pretty speedy internet for a cafe (not to mention totally free), and plenty of power. Every time I went in or out the people said hello, goodbye, thank you, etc. Best of all they have a great selection of teas available. \n\nAlso, I ordered a dessert and the girl not only brought it out to me but she heated it up for me. SO delicious."
	: "I love this place. I've been going there since I first discovered it a couple years ago and have been getting the same sandwich order since then, the chicken salad on cranberry walnut bread.  The food and fruit is always fresh and the pastries rotate seasonally.  Really chill atmosphere and a great place to sit down and grab lunch in Pasadena, that is if you can find a seat.  All in all, its one of my favorite places in pdena."
	: "I've heard horror stories (like the ones listed below) for all of the bus companies.  I agree that they should definitely include an increased time for traffic, but neither the Chinatown buses nor BoltBus do this, so it's to be expected.  I will say customer service was a bit iffy, but the bus is clean, they provide free wifi and electricity (have had issues with buses not having those on BoltBus, even though it is advertised).  It's also the cheapest if you schedule ahead of time - round trip to NYC for $12 dollars? Round trip to Boston for $34? I think it's reasonable. \n\nIn general, when you're schedule a bus, know when the high traffic times are and plan accordingly. You don't want a bus that's driving into New York at 7 - I had a similar experience listed below where I didn't arrive until almost 8:30 (this was on BoltBus)\n\nOtherwise, clean and cheap way to travel!"
	: "We are fairly new here to Chapel Hill.  JuJube is one of our favorites.  I had the pork loin and my husband enjoyed the hanger steak.  They have a wonderful ambiance, friendly and attentive staff. Great place to get together w/ friends and family.\n\nAnd don't forget a great wine list!\nEnjoy"
	: "The best delivery pizza in C-U.  Sure, if you want superior pizza there are better options if you dine in, but you'll do well with these guys.  Hot, fresh and cheap (just like I used to like my men...)."
	: "Fantastic food, but be prepared to wait because this place is very popular (even their Saugus location gets busy Thurs/Fri/Sat evenings).\n\nSpecialized in Tex-Mex and Cajun dishes.  The guacamole, chips and salsa are REALLY GOOD and margaritas are decent.\n\nQuesadillas are gigantic and hearty.  Blackened catfish is a must-try for anyone who likes things spicy.  Crawfish etouffee is also perfectly spicy and hearty on the crawfish.\n\nAlso has many good options for vegetarians.\n\nDon't expect to find authentic Mexican food here, but what they make is a tasty Americanized version with good flavor.  Their Cajun style dishes are outstanding.\n\nOpen late!"
	: "It was ok considering it's not authentic Asian food. Once a while, I'd eat some fake Asian food somewhere. \nI had the Spicy Beef Udon. The flavor was good. I think it's the seasoning from cumin. However, the beef in my soup was too chewy and the soup was a bit too salty. As far as the service went, it was ok! But, it's a Saturday afternoon. What can you say?"
	: "*Avoid this place*\n\nThey are so rude and the vibe is negative. They really do not appreciate the business or the fact that we have choices and chose them. Felt rushed and unappreciated. In todays economy the fact that anyone is spending 15 bucks for a 2 year olds haircut is a blessing and any business that has good customers should feel blessed, therefore appreciate the patronage."
	: "It was late in Harvard Sq and I was hungry. This place came to the rescue. Good pizza. My only complaint is that the slices are on the small side. At a place like this, you'd expect bigger portions."
	: "YUK!  Nice folks, terrible breakfast.  Here's why: when I got my taco's they were \"black bean and bacon\" and a \"migas\" taco.  First the black bean taco was boiled black beans (not refried) with no spices loaded on a soggy doughy tortilla with a 1 scant piece of nearly burnt crumbled bacon on top.  The Migas taco was half soggy tortilla chips cooked into eggs with soupy tomatoes and onions, again no flavor.  I think the one spice was paprika for color.  The tomato and onion in the Migas taco seamed pre-cooked as the onion was thin and translucent like from soup and the entire taco tasted like a bland canned stewed tomato + corn chips.\n\nNow, I could understand getting some thrown together food if Arturos was a hotel and food was something the just did on the side.  BUT HOW CAN YOU PUT OUT BAD FOOD WHEN THIS IS ALL YOU DO!  If i seam upset it is because I am.  I grew up in restaurants and worked in them for many years later and I know it isn't hard to make decent food so when I blow $11 on bland tacos and a rare opportunity for a weekday breakfast with my girlfriend its a real let down.  \n\nAurturos here some advice on how to improve your food that is cost effective:\n\nBeans: Since you are making it in large batches, to start roughly and quickly chop equal amount of onion and tomato and toss it in with your beans that you let soak overnight.  Then half that amount of seeded jalape\u00f1os and garlic, then half that amount of a spice blend of equal parts cumin and salt and one cheap beer and one handful of cilantro for every onion you put in.  Bam! Beans with flavor. \n\nBacon, get a big oven tray, lay out thick-cut pieces and stick them in the oven.  This lets them stay plump, cook all the way and get browned without getting small hard and crumbly.  This will also save you tons of labor as you can set a timer and just have one person pop them in and out between doing other work.  If you want to make refried bean (which is the only thing you should be putting on tacos) take the bacon drippings and add them to some beans and blend.  Nothing wasted.\n\nMigas:  NEVER PRECOOK YOUR VEGGIES, prep a mix of seeded and chopped jalape\u00f1os (yes you can get a seeding tool at restaurant supply that lets you do this fast [$5] so no excuses) chopped onion, chopped cilantro, sliced mushroom.  Get THIN TORTILLA CHIPs like Milagros, they don't get soggy and ON HIGH HEAT put them in the oil first, hit the chips with a season blend of equal parts: salt, garlic powder, cumin, paprika.  Then a hand full your veggie mix,  brown edges of veggies, then add egg and done.  \n\nAnyone still reading this now knows this isn't hard and thus understands why it is so lame to get bland goofed up tacos.  Get it together Arturo's and if you wanna send me my $11 back reply to this review and I'll forward you my address.  Its the least you could do for the free cooking advice and bummer breakfast."
	: "2 days ago I purchased a dining room table from the Palo Alto location, I have a question today about my purchase and I have been on hold for over 15 minutes to speak to Tish the sales person who sold me the furniture.  I got a much better response the last few days leading up to my purchase before they had my credit card. \nMy recommendation:  You have a one time shot to get all of your questions answered and that is BEFORE they get your credit card number and they're commission."
	: "Fair burger, great fries.  Their servers are pretty eager to take your plates while there's still food on them to help show you the door.  Very classy.  Will look forward to returning to nurse a beer and an order of fries for a couple hours to spite those bitches."
	: "The super-friendly waitstaff, the eclectic decor, and the decent food can't contend with the mouse I saw run across the dining-area floor here today.  If there's a vermin problem, please take care of it!"
	: "My partner and I spent a great weekend in Ann Arbor and made a quick stop into S3. The owner, Beth, was FANTASTIC! The store has a ton in it, even if it may not appear to as it has stylish, simple displays. We made a few purchases and we will be back for sure! Thanks for great shop and great products!"
	: "I had a great first visit here and hope to have many more. They've got things split up with the Oyster bar on the back end and a full bar upfront. We sat at the Oyster Bar while waiting for a table. Plenty of small plates, oysters and a selection of punches and a few beers at this bar. This side is open air to the patio and is much quieter than the main bar and dining area. I could see myself having a little oyster/beer happy hour here after work.\n\nThe main dining area has an open view of the kitchen and high arch ceilings. I love the open feel and I must mention the mighty comfy looking cushioned bar stools :-) The cocktails I tried were awesome. Gin with celery bitters? OK! And the other gin cocktail with a smoke salmon garnish? Money. I loved them both and think they have a nice selection of uniquer flavors on their cocktail menu. The oysters (while I'm not expert) were absolutely perfect. The clams/pork belly appetizer is very flavorful and has a nice spice to it. Tempura green beans were good as well. \n\nThe service was perfect. The bar tender at the Oyster Bar was very quick to take drink orders and actually explain the difference between the two bars. We were seated right at our reservation time I believe and our waitress was great. It was a full house and certainly busy, but didn't seem frantic at all. I'm excited for this new addition to the west side and based on my experience I'm sure it'll stick around."
	: "I went here last week to meet some friends for dinner. We were seated about 10 minutes after arrival and we had a very gracious host.They have a very comfortable seating area to wait in. Once sat, our server was very attentive and polite, the back waiters as well. The food was great, we ordered a bunch of things for the table and there wasn't a thing I could say that was bad about any of it. Good beer selection which wasn't at all overpriced, the wine list was extensive. Next time I come I'll indulge a little more. This place is great."
	: "Finally, a dentist who knows what he is doing and doesn't just rush you out the door!  I was in search for a good dentist for a while now and I finally found one who is kind, respectful, and hardworking.  The dentist worked thoroughly with me fill in all my previous cavities and gave me my cleaning.  \n\nThe office is new, the staff are nice and caring, and the environment is clean, with state-of-the-art equipment.  I didn't feel pressured to purchase anything or have any new procedures.  He offered suggestions but that was great since it helped me become aware of having better hygiene, otherwise it would lead to additional work.  This is was admirable since many  dentists don't waste their time to talk with you, or suggest better steps to better dental care! Dr. Hamidy does spend extra time to chat with you and get to know you before hand so it helps with your jitters if you have any.\n\nI would definitely recommend anyone who is tired of searching for a great dentist! I am confident that I will be bringing my family over and hopefully, have Dr. Hamidy be our lifelong dentist !\n\nYou should check it out for yourself!"
	: "Great sushi.. They have good baked rolls.. but The service is horrible.. Use to go here all the time until they treated us like we didnt pay or something. Waitress and waiters are a$$e$. other then that just dont dine in. order togo"
	: "Yeah, I came here to get my nose, cartilage, eyebrow, and lip pierced.. Just kidding. I came here to get my EARS pierced as an adult past drinking age. So brave, ha!\n\nI had been avoiding ever getting my ears pierced since I was horrified from hearing stories about Claire's as a kid (bad infections, lopsided piercing, teenage min. wages employees surreptitiously armed with a gun). Then on one cool spring day, I decided that it was finally time to get my ears pierced.\n\nThe lady who helped me was very experienced, nice, and informative the entire time. She was nice enough to bear with my babbling. The piercing part didn't hurt. I was given good directions on how to care for it. My ears are good. No infections. \n\nThe name of this place is hilarious--but no regrets indeed."
	: "For years I walked by this place and was like \"Man, that is totally a sketchy dive, look at all those hideous glowing beer signs.\" Then I went in, and my entire attitude changed. Well, kind of. So its still sort of a dive, but that's definitely okay sometimes. Their burgers are really juicy and pretty much the perfect size... nothing amazing, but solid and decent. They have a good variety of beer. The jukebox is full of \"oh man, I'm so indie\" music, which is um, fine with me!"
	: "Diddy riese is excellent on a hot day, cold day, windy day, rainy day, gloomy day, musky day...EVEN A SNOWY DAY in LA!\n\nYummy cookies, paired with some dryers ice cream.  Ohhh...scrum-dilly-icious!  The cookies are perfection.  Not soft, not crunchy or hard.  Not too sweet, not to salty.. A perfect harmony in your mouth of sweet savory goodness....\n\nSeriously, you're still reading?  I can't believe I'm still typing.. I'd be up out of my seat, in my car or put my running shoes on to grab me a 1.50 ice cream sandwich... Don't forget your cash!"
	: "The stuffed spinach pizza is so good that I crave it all of the time.  I now live in San Diego and find it hard being so far from Del Fino's.  The pizza's so good that on my last rip to BC, Canada I even scheduled a long layover in Seattle, rented a car, and got my fixing of the pie before my second leg of the flight.  Love it!"
	: "My family of four enjoyed our dinner last night at Califia.\n\nWe started with chicken drummettes. All four including kids liked them.\n\nWe had barely got the drummettes when the main courses arrived. They could have waited five minutes..\n\nI had the Japanese Beef curry. Very tasty. I asked the waitress for a wine recommendation and she recommended a great zinfandel. The only minus was that the wine serving was rather small.\n\nHubby had the fiery bottom pork rice bowl. He loved it but I found it a bit too spicy.\n\nKids had the pizza and spaghetti and meatballs. They enjoyed both.\n\nThe desserts were really good. Kids both had the ice cream cookie sandwiches with chocolate sauce. Ice cream is from Rick's ice cream in PA.\n\nHubby had ginger creme brulee with lemon cookies. He really enjoyed that.\n\nI asked for a single scoop of vanilla ice cream with chocolate sauce. That was really good.\n\nThe place is LOUD! We had to talk very loudly to hear each other.\n\nAlso, we had to wait 45 minutes for our table (we arrived at 6.45 pm on Saturday) but we walked down to Books Inc and shopped while we waited.\n\nWe will return!"
	: "love love LOVE this place! I was looking for somewhere to eat and found this place on yelp and was impressed by the great reviews :) I decided to check it out, and I am happy to say that I loved dinner yesterday so much that I have since then already recommended this place to 4 friends. When I walked in I was greeted by the friendly staff and then escorted to my seat. I immediately noticed how clean the restaurant was, and although the outside looks drab and unappealing- the inside felt very classy but casual. A nice change for a college student on a budget. The menu had plenty of options that would seem to suit anyone looking for a great meal- and the best part is that they are pretty cheap but great quality. Even the portion size was generous. I ordered the Kung Pao chicken and I loved every bite. The flavor was phenomenal, and the texture was very pleasing. The vegetables were not under or over cooked, and the rice I ordered along side it as not mushy or not too dry. It was very nice. I have been to the other chinese places in Berkeley and after dining there- decided not to return. However this place is a gem! Please come and try Happy Valley, the food is great, the staff is friendly, the ambiance is refreshing, and the quality is superb. Definitely returning soon!"
	: "Another institution of Seattle's unique/hipster coffee houses \n\nI have to say the District is perfect harboring ground; combine that with college kids, alternative-electro music, and caffeine and you've got yourself a gem. \nThe space is nice and big, making it great for pulling up a spot at the bar or holding study at the grande tables. Each of the areas are unique unto itself. \nI've heard great things about the espresso and food, but the tea there is weak. \nOh and right as you walk in there are a ton of board games, papers etc. Keep your eyes peeled for this little spot otherwise it can be easy to just walk right on past."
	: "have lived in pgh for a few years now, and allegro has become my go-to bakery for weekly bread and special occasion pastries.  mediterra \"bakehouse\" bread doesn't even compare to the true, artisan bread that i've gotten from allegro.  love their rye selection and sourdough especially!\n\nas for the sweets, the chocolate cake is amazing! have yet to find a more moist and rich cake in the city.  i always get cupcakes for when i visit my folks - they love them! \n\ncan't walk past it without wanting to go in--heavenly smells!\n\nthis is a good, traditional bakery, with consistent quality.  don't come here expecting bacon on your cupcakes.  they don't cater to food fads."
	: "The food came quickly and the lobster ravioli the lobster ravioli special was awesome.  Also Meghan, the best waitress ever, works here.\n\nStick around late night for drinks if you don't mind drunk Harvard students approaching you."
	: "i don't care what other people say... top dog is awesome. if you hate it, then you're obviously not awesome.\n\nps: don't forget to pour on the russian mustard ;)\n\npps: don't order \"hot dog, please\" you'll get booted. it's \"top dog\". get it straight."
	: "Came here for lunch during my week long stay up in this area for a training class.  The lunch special was just okay.  \n\nI had the cashew chicken which was just so-so.  It came with a salad with peanut sauce which was also just okay.  The peanut sauce was coagulated as if they had just taken it out of the fridge.\n\nMy colleague had the orange chicken and she said it wasn't all that tasty either.\n\nSo the menu is not  very appetizing.  Hopefully, dinner is better but I'd probably not come back again."
	: "Goat cheese balls. Olive oil ice cream. Yum."
	: "My experience tonight at Pattaya was lacking. I started off with a cold thai iced tea which ended up being a lot sweeter than I expected. Moving on to the appetizers, I ordered a spicy papaya salad that had shredded green papaya, freshly cut tomatoes, lime, red chiles, several pieces of shrimp, bean sprouts, onions, and topped off with dried peanuts. The texture of the salad was promising; the papaya providing a nice crunch. It drowned in dressing though, masking the taste of the beautiful ingredients. Finally for the entree I got the salmon with black bean sauce. The salmon was well cooked, but the dish was very heavy on the salt. \n\nDon't get the salmon here unless you're a fan of extremely salty food. Instead, try the chicken pad thai, which is usually a safe choice at Pattaya."
	: "Aruffo's Italian Cuisine, located in the charming city of Claremont, is the place to go for an exceptional dining experience. Valerie & Tom Aruffo opened this gem in 1985, and have crafted Aruffo's into a sophisticated, successful restaurant known for an extensive menu of stellar dishes, including homemade Italian pastas, Angus steaks, fresh seafood, free-range poultry, and an array of heavenly desserts. The impressive drink menu features an extensive wine list, champagne & sparkling wine, cappuccino & espresso, cappuccino liqueurs, and various before and after drinks. The choices are practically endless.\n\nOne of many outstanding dishes is the Spinach Aglio E Olio. The various flavors fuse together to create a quite heavenly experience. Spaghetti pasta is tossed with fresh garlic and then saut\u00e9ed golden brown with extra virgin olive oil, tomatoes, and a generous helping of fresh spinach. The complementary flavors of these wonderful ingredients come together to create a simple, yet refined dish. You will be grateful that the portion sizes at Aruffo's are so generous, since you won't be able to get enough of this marvelous dish after the first bite.\n\nThe desserts are prepared fresh daily and are fabulous. The Chocolate Ganache is incredibly rich and decadent. Your taste buds will not be the same after they are bathed in the velvety texture and flavors of this fine dessert.\n\nTreat yourself and check out Aruffo's!"
	: "Service is slipping.  I frequent this particular Starbucks often and I was appalled when my family of 6 recently stopped in.  Apparently dropping 6 coffee orders on them was overwhelming! (These guys better not move to Chicago or New York any time soon if they can't handle 6 coffees) What really chaffed me was the fact that they got one of the orders wrong and my adult son courteously pointed out that his order was incorrect.  The barista proceeded to instruct him on what he had ordered instead of owning up to the mistake.  He took what she made him without making a scene but what happened to the customer is always right?  PS  He orders the same thing every time so I know she messed it up."
	: "I have a dry sense of humor, but not as dry as the mushroom power V crepe that I ordered.  Sounded absolutely wonderful on the menu, but wasn't.  No flavor, nothing to keep it together and the buckwheat crepe was....crummy and I mean crumbling apart. My friends has some different ones and they were the same...dry, no sauce at all.  The strawberry/fruit crepe at least has cream on it...add some sauce people!!  If we hadn't gotten them to go...would have gone back and said something."
	: "I read the Yelp reviews, and COULD NOT believe all of these people writing bad reviews.\n\nI went there because I had an open mind, feel that people often exaggerate online, and it this place was covered under my insurance coverage.\n\nFor a little background: I go to the dentist every year, and in 30+ years I have been to dentists all over the country (Massachusetts, Connecticut, North Carolina, and Texas) and have never run into any issues with any dental practice.\n\nThe waiting times were average for a dental office (~15min or so), however, once I was in the actual dental chair I sat alone there for at least 30-45 minutes.\n\nInitially, I felt positive as the dental technician with the blond hair was just wonderful, had a great personality, and was clearly happy with and dedicated to the work she does. After completing the series of X-rays, and waiting for their development, the technician re-appeared and told me that I had to have another set of X-Rays taken as a few of the first ones didn't work out (Yay! More exposure to X-Rays!). I have never had this happen with X-rays, ever.\n\nWhen the actual dentist finally appeared after the second set of X-rays and another bit of wait time, she greeted me nicely and appeared to be a very nice and personable woman. At the start of the examination she told me about one \"gap in my teeth\" and asked if I wanted to get it fixed. As it was my first time at this dental practice, I didn't think much of this question and I told her \"no thanks.\" However, throughout the rest of the examination and cleaning she made me feel incredibly self-conscience by repeatedly asking me if I \"wanted to get it fixed,\" and commenting \"I could fix that.\"  This happened at least 5 times, including times while I couldn't even respond while she was working inside my mouth.\n\nTo be clear: In all my 30+ years I have NEVER run into anyone ever commenting or pressuring me to \"fix the gap in my teeth.\" \n\nFor a professional dentist, she was completely unprofessional, clearly lacks social tact, and apparently does not listen to her clients.\n\nThe is the first time in 30+ years that I have ever decided to not return to a dental practice."
	: "New Hours:\n4-10pm Sunday-Thursday\n4-11pm Friday-Saturday\n\nThey are no longer open for lunch  :-(\nDamn it, i need to find a new place to drink wine during lunch."
	: "A comfort food style pizza-\n\nThick, delicious crust. Great sauce. Fairly generous with cheese!\n\nWill be back soon!"
	: "Both of the Pearl Paint stores I've frequented (this location and Philadelphia's) just fill me with ecstasy. I am thoroughly addicted to paints and brushes and I could spend ALL BLOODY DAY in this store. The sales are great, the student discount is sweet (though I've just graduated...wonder if they'll notice my ID is expired?), and I dunno about the complaints about the staff...every last one has been incredibly nice to me. I was up in the paint department and I must have asked the gal a thousand questions. She had infinite patience and was also really friendly and conversational. They stock just about everything I need, and honestly, as someone who buys primarily paints (oil and acrylic) and brushes, with occasional pastel and colored pencil purchases, I have never had a problem finding things. When I do, the staff are right there, ready and willing to help. It's pricey, but heck, that's art supplies for you! I can't really make a single complaint, especially after seeing the far less organized, by comparison rather poorly stocked art store across the street."
	: "I've only been to two tapas places in my life so I may not be the best judge of good tapas restaurants, but I do like this place. I have never been on a Friday or Saturday, but I imagine they get extremely busy considering the area. \n\nPrices are reasonable, food is great, the entertainment is a nice touch. Only issue is it can get loud at times and parking kinda sucks. \n\nI'd definitely recommend though."
	: "I love this shop and the owner Natalie is always so helpful with offering sizes and style suggestions.  I've purchased a number of items from Groceries brand shirts to Blu Pepper blouses, printed maxi dresses and great Glam brand tops for a night out.  What I love about this store is the styles and brands are atypical.  I am able to pick up clothes that are fashion forward and reasonably priced."
	: "Im a donut snob. To me, its Shipley's or nothing at all.\n\nBut this place seems as though they've copied Shipley's recipe and made a few adjustments to make a wonderful donut. \n\nThe kolaches aren't too bad either, and as always, its super cheap!"
	: "I really enjoyed EVOO.  The atmosphere was very warm and inviting.  I felt instantly calm and happy to be there when we sat down.  I had the Cloudy Bay Sauvignon Blanc which was delightfully crisp and fruity.  I started with a field greens salad that had a goat cheese croquette to accompany it and some fresh raspberries.  It was a light and enjoyable salad.  I was excited to try the chicken they had that day but found out they had sold out.  Although I was dissaponited (it was only 7:30!) I can understand that when cooking with fresh ingredients you only have so much on hand.  I had the fish instead and although there was a bit too much skin on it for me, what it was served on (baby artichokes, green beans, olive tapenade) was a great blend.  My boyfriend had the mashed potatoes with his meal and they were so smooth and buttery I could have eaten all of his.  I wasn't as impressed with the desserts.  They were good, but almost too rich and I would have enjoyed something with a bit more flair and fresh flavor.  All in all, it was a really enjoyable meal and I look forward to going back."
	: "It's a chain. A good chain, but a chain. OK, I really like it. Got here tired from walking all over Cambridge. The food was really good. Naked burrito with carnitas, chicken, beans, tomatoes, you name it... Not at all genuinely Mexican but again, this is Harvard Square and not Guadalajara. \n\nFriendly and accommodating staff, most of whom speak Spanish on case someone wants to practice. \n\nCompared to Baja Fresh, I miss their salsa bar. However, I had more control over making my salad than at Baja. \n\nWith the zillion nice places to eat at the Square, I don't know if I'd make this a daily occurrence. Still, in a hurry, tired and hungry, it definitely fills the spot."
	: "please don't spend your money eating here...\n\ni have TRIED to like this place due to is close vicinity to school. however, despite the convenience of the location, i just cannot bring myself to eat here anymore.\nthe service is bad and the food is just awful! why is ollie's still here?!?!?!"
	: "I think that Allegro makes a solid pie for your college-oriented pizza joint - the tomato pie is very tasty, indeed.  There's a good selection of slices to grab and go.  \n\nThe beer selection is definitely great, and I love how insanely late it stays open on the weekends, though I'm not too fond of the crowd.  I guess that's why I'm always drunk in there on the weekends when grabbing some nightcap beers - it's the only way I can put up with the Penn kids."
	: "I was excited to go to Busboys and Poets because it seems to fill a void in the Hyattsville/College Park/etc. area for cute coffee shops. I was surprised that this place is much more than just coffee and tea, however--it is a full restaurant! \n\nMy boyfriend and I went and sat on some of the cozy armchairs by the front window and ordered cups of tea, and also a falafel pita. The service was very slow at first because no one came to take our order for about 15 minutes, but once we caught their eye, the service was fine. The tea was delicious and the food was fresh and well-prepared. The fresh fruit that came on the side was also really tasty and fresh--some of the best blueberries I've ever had! We stayed for about 2 hours playing Words with Friends on our phones and did not feel that we were being rushed out. It was a very pleasant afternoon and I will surely go back.\n\nAlso, the sinks in the bathroom are really cool. Check them out!"
	: "Really?  No one has Yelped about Palmer?  I'm surprised.  This is such a great place filled with love, compassion and friendliness.  They have an event going on almost every night and most of the time, they are open to newcomers.  Their regular mass in the main church is very traditional and beautiful.  The organist and choir are amazing.  For the more modern folk, they have a mass called Mosaic every Sunday at 11 am in their smaller chapel, St. Bedes.  This is my mass of choice - it is complete with less archaic sermons and contemporary music with live performers.  They boast to 'come as you are' and they mean it.  Everyone is so welcoming and even if this faith is new to you, they are there for you.  There is a projection screen with the readings and songs displayed, so you are never lost.  The priests are always available for counsel after mass and they even have a prayer group present on a weekly basis accepting requests.  Every Wednesday, they have the 'great dinner' and it is all volunteers working, as is the case many of the events.  I've worked this many times - it is such a great experience filled with satisfaction and laughter.  The decor is beyond amazing and the flowers are always beautiful.  The campus is huge and they even have a place for kids to learn and a playground.  If you are new to the city and looking for a welcoming place to express yourself, learn about the faith, volunteer, pray or just meet people, Palmer is definitely the place to go for people of all ages."
	: "Love this place!!!! \n\nThe girls that work there are super friendly and helpful! The lay-out is charming and well organized and the merchandise is adorable!\n\nWill be back for sure ;)"
	: "I recently stopped going to dispensaries but this one is the best in LA.  I've been to several and their service and staff are top notch.  The product is great and their manager, Susan, is a gem.\n\nIt's an open environment so you can bring friends but they have to stay in a certain part of the store.  You can also bring your pet and sometimes they have doggie treats (don't worry - not that kind)."
	: "Miss Saigon 88 opened recently and it's a great addition to the food scene in North Oakland!  Located across from Tamarind of India, in the former space occupied by Johnny's Place, Miss Saigon 88 has done a very nice remodeling job inside and created a warm and welcoming environment.\n\nSo far I've only tried one entree for take out, but we can't wait to go back and try the wide variety of Pho and noodle soup dishes that are on the menu.  After only a week open, there was already a fair sized lunch crowd, so I'd recommend checking this place out soon before word gets out.\n\nPrices were a little expensive for some in our group, but all of that discussion ceased when the HUGE portion sizes came out.  Everybody has enough left over for dinner.\n\nI'll be back!"
	: "Quintessential college eatery.  A late night must.  Quality food at college student prices."
	: "This place is a diamond in the rough! I fulfilled my lifelong dream of listening to the Vienna philharmonic orchestra here, as well as performances by National Russian ballet and other high profile orchestras from all over the world.\n\nAnd of you are a student of U of I, it is cheap too! You're regular concert is $2 to $10 ($2! One third a movie ticket! OMG!), and I got the Vienna philharmonic ticket for $40. No where else you can get a ticket to such a high profile event with such a cheap price."
	: "Slightly pricey for pizza but some wild slices that will always get you coming back.  Chicken quesadilla is where its at."
	: "Veggie Planet is the Bomb: a serious explosion in your mouth! \n\nMy faves: Mexican bean pizza and peanut curry \n\nIts fast and tasty. YUM YUM YUM"
	: "Yummy sweet potato fries. Liked the beets. The rest (pizzas, pork belly tacos, brie/fig app,  calamari, can't recall what else we ordered ...) was decent but not all that exciting. Nice space. Not the fastest service."
	: "Not \"the\" best car wash I get but does a pretty good job. Normally a 3-star but I'll add another one because they have such a good selection of cook books in the gift shop, offers complimentary coffee, and there are $4 off coupons online. It's quick and very close to work. Not bad!"
	: "I go here regularly after work on Friday. The Muddy is awesome, I don't know what I'd do without it. Great management/staff, great beers, great times."
	: "The doctors were good here, made great recommendations. Helped me get a ct scan done for my son. Very helpful, not too bad of a wait."
	: "We have been enjoying the delicious food and excellent service at lucias since it opened. Natalia always greets us with her contagious smile. So glad they opened in this area!"
	: "This place was a great surprise! I thoroughly enjoyed my brunch. We ordered a few different items to fully experience the range of the menu. The pancakes are delicious. We had both the buttermilk and the buckwheat. I was very impressed with the buckwheat. Most places get this wrong, they typically end up tasting like cardboard but NOT these. They were light, fluffy and delicious. They offer 2,3,4,5 or 7 pancakes starting at $3.25...This is a great deal for light eaters. They offer two types of potatoes, roasted red potatoes with onion and peppers and good old hash brows, both delicious. They have some amazing looking pancakes with a wide variety of toppings like banana pancakes topped with caramelized bananas and chopped walnuts, cinnamon apples, chopped pecans and brown sugar butter, the \"Tree Huggers\" with granola, fresh fruit with sweet orange butter and the list goes on and on all at about $6.75 for a very large serving....You must try one of their daily specials as well. Today they had crepes stuffed with lemon creme topped with whipped cream!!!!! Yummy!!!  They also offer a build your own omelette and offer egg whites for those who enjoy the yolk-less omelette with all fresh ingredients to choose from starting at $5.25.The atmosphere is a modern decor twist with LA Icons adorned as wallpaper and the place sort of feels as if you are sitting in a MOCA vignette. The owner is a USC Architecture graduate and his talent is well displayed in this restaurant. The seating is very comfortable and definitely an important factor for the students who sit at most of these tables. Parking is available in the lot or on the street - just check the signs to avoid a ticket or worse getting towed. Jacks and Joe is a great choice for breakfast/brunch which is served all-day and at very reasonable prices for the quality! Enjoy!"
	: "Do you want a no-frills sandwich that does one thing well: tastes AMAZING?  Then this is the place for you.  They have all your typical deli-style sandwiches here: the Italian, ham and cheese, roast beef, tuna, etc.  The things that make it great for me?  The Italian vinaigrette (try the \"Italian Night Club\" and you'll see what I mean) and the soft, chewy French bread (you can also get thick-sliced multigrain bread if that's your thing).  Top it off with a bag of kettle chips or a pickle (the whole thing, not just a spear!) and you've got yourself a very delicious and satisfying meal."
	: "When Dr. Mindea entered the exam room 1 hour and 45 minutes late, he did not introduce himself, explain the lateness, or apologize. I had to ask him who he was. He looked at some discs I had brought for a couple of minutes, then asked me to walk on my heels, walk on my toes, step onto a ledge. He asked what caused (preceded the onset of) my pain and where it was. Then he proceeded to tell me that there was nothing he could do for me. I asked \"But why did they do surgery before?\" (three surgeries for stenosis, on all three levels of spine, two done at Stanford). His answer \"I know nothing about that\" (though he had all my records in front of him). Then I asked him how small my spinal cord had to be before surgery would be done (it is \"severely stenotic\" in several places on MRI, e.g. 5 mm across, and I am essentially unable to stand or walk). He said \"No one will do anything until no 'white area' [spinal cord viewed on MRI] is visible at all. We only operate when the disk is gone and bone rubs on bone.\" (This is not my problem.) He repeated this information, about disks and bone-on-bone, slowly and with exaggerated patience. He told me that what I had, severe stenosis, was a \"just part of aging, like wrinkles.\" Then he mentioned \"You probably have a fracture.\" I asked him what I could do about that and he said \"That's not my problem, is it?\" (Numerous studies and practitioners have viewed my spine in the last two years, and I've heard nothing about a fracture.) At about this point, he picked up his dictation device and, as if to tell us it was over, began dictating in our presence. I listened as long as I could (he misrepresented what I had said, saying I'd sought a diagnosis from \"several doctors,\" which is not true - only one other local neurosurgeon, who suggested I come to Stanford). That was my visit, aside from being sent to X-ray to confirm the fracture. I was left thinking that: every doctor I'd seen (the neurologist who'd done my EMG and told me that \"this will get you surgery,\" the radiologists who'd read my MRIs and X-rays, my primary who referred me to Stanford Neurosurgery, my rheumatologist, and the one other neurosurgeon I'd consulted), were all crazy or incompetent. Plus I would be stuck in a wheelchair for the rest of my life, with severe back and buttock pain, unable to stand. Needless to say, I was devastated. A chaplain named Carol saw my tear-streaked face in the hall and took me aside to counsel with me. What on earth is going on at Stanford with this kind of \"care\"?"
	: "There's only two reasons I ever venture out to Kendall... The Friendly Toast and Flat Top Johnny's.\n\nThat being said, I've never had their beers or their food, but I have certainly played a round or two on their billiards tables. The tables themselves are nice and the house cues are some of the better I've seen, but what really, really, really bugs me about Johnny's is that the tables are so damn close together. \n\nNow sure, I've been to many a pool hall, I know that you can't always get the space you need to make every shot, but on a busy night, it's near impossible to play a game of pool at Flat Top. If your cue isn't hitting the wall or a stool or a post, it's probably impeeding someone else's game, a waitress who wants to sneak by, or (in extreme cases), the entire bar staff (who's genius idea was it to put a pool table right next to the bar entrance?!)\n\nOn calmer nights you can usually get the run of the place, but stay away from the Saturday night rush."
	: "I rarely slam businesses on Yelp, because I understand that people can always have an off day or whatever. BUT SERIOUSLY? \n\nI always see Jimmy Johns commercials but had never tried it until today. Their tag line is \"freaky fast delivery\" and it was far from it. I placed my order online and waited 20 minutes for it to be delivered. Honestly, the JJ is only a few blocks from where I live. I probably could've walked there, ordered the sandwich, walked back in half the time it took for it to be delivered. Not to mention, I placed the order at 2pm so I doubt they were busy in the store. When the guy arrived downstairs, I buzzed him up. It took him another 5 minutes to get to my apt. I don't know what took him that long. He looked sweaty and out of breath from running when he got to my door. I have no idea why, since it took him FIVE MINUTES to get to my door. Trust me, the building is small and I live only on the 3rd floor. I still gave him a tip.\n\nThe whole time I was waiting, I was thinking \"This is going to be an awesome sandwich.\" Fast forward to when it arrived, it was a sad, cold sandwich. The french bread wasn't toasted, it was completely cold. When I opened up wrapping, it looked like there wasn't even anything inside the french bread. That's how little was inside the sandwich. It was probably the most boring, unfulfilling sandwich ever. \n\nShould've just walked to Quiznos or ordered a pizza instead."
	: "Food good.  Very good, large and inexpensive pulled pork sandwich.  The pork rib meal was not very good though.  Flavor good but lots of fat.  Not the type of ribs where you clean off the bone.  Good for families.  Casual, loud.  Constant loudspeaker announcing orders.  Why can't they have pagers???  Place to eat but not hang out.  Outdoor seating does not have heaters-burr.  We would go again."
	: "I came in here with my boyfriend and he bought $200 worth of stuff. The employees are super friendly and they even cut a deal on a vest that was kinda stained (but only because we bought so much!)\nThey even let us look through a barrel of shoes that weren't priced yet! MM EXCLUSIVE haha\nI give them 5 stars even though I didn't find as many cool stuff for moi."
	: "Awesome outdoor playground and play area for kids. There is a big lawn (with hills) where kids can run around and expend their pent-up energy. There are also swings of all kinds: baby swings, swings for toddlers, tube swings, and lots of slides, monkey bars, tunnel mazes, climbing ropes, and activity centers for kids. As others have mentioned, yes, this place gets busy with the under-5 crowd, but sometimes your little one enjoys it and wants to feel like he's a part of the action even if he's too young to play with other kids! \nThere is a cute rose garden nearby, bountiful picnic tables for lunching families, outdoor basketball courts, and of course, the bike- and dog-friendly Bolin Creek nearby. Haven't been to the pool inside, but the climbing gym is pretty nifty. Based on the outdoor space, the CHCC is tops!"
	: "The absolute tops for bars I visited in Ithaca! Friendly atmosphere;  fun, edgy bartenders;  home-grown brews and liquors;  live music on Friday;  a sassy kept boy who showed me his ass but insisted he wasn't flirting with me.\n\nFelicia's is a little quieter on Saturdays, but still worth a stop and chat/flirt with the bartenders, and the folks who are there with others will gladly strike up a short (or long!), pleasant conversation.\n\nWhen you go here, don't stick with your regular libation.  Some crazy lesbian has dreamed up stuff that will blow your socks off, so try one of their specialty cocktails, or you will, I promise, regret it.  I had some crazy-good drink with homemade beet syrup."
	: "Dr Cox is great. I would have given 5 stars but my first visit there (a year or so ago) they goofed on taking impressions of my teeth and and ended up arguing (a tech and dr miranda, I belive) heatedly in the room with me, but ended up being ok."
	: "I am a huge fan of lunch from Le Dog.  If you work anywhere near downtown it is  an easy walk and well worth it.  In the winter, the hot soups can warm a gloomy Michigan day better than any other lunch in the area.  In the summer, the cold soups are refreshing and well flavored.\n\nI do have to admit, I have never tried a dog there - and it is my understanding that Le Dog started out mainly serving hot dogs."
	: "The dishes are decent, staffs are nice, but a bit pricey. Lunch special can easily go up to $15+ per person.\n\nIf you are craving for Indian food but a more economic choice I highly recommend their Bruin Bowl ($5.5 or so, $1 for naan), which is the best value lunch special. 4 choices to pick including lamb and eggplants. It's not on their menu and for take out only. Remember to call ahead because it may take some time."
	: "I had my optical drive fail along with my hard drive.  Needless to say I was upset my business files were one that computer. These guys were awesome not only did they fix my MAC and clean it up.  They called to give me updates, explained it all and after four days of retrieving data and dealing with me they only charged me for one and a half hours of work. They are pleasant, easy going and smart-what more could I ask for.  Dont bring your MAC anywhere else these guys are amazing.  great customer service, pleasant owners and fair prices-yes this is a great business."
	: "I can't remember the last time I gave 1 star.  But, this visit to Rusell deserves it.\n\nFirst, we arrived at 8pm tonight, were told the wait was 30 minutes for the 4 of us and we waited an hour.  But, this happens, so no huge deal.\n\nAfter waiting an hour, we were seated upstairs at a table in the corner.  It was fine, but upstairs is extremely loud for eating.  When I went downstairs to use the bathroom a few minutes later, I noticed that there were at least 2 4-tops ready for seating... why hadn't we been seated there?  This is where the real 1-star part begins.\n\nHow many minutes to get water?  10.\nHow many minutes to get our first round of drinks?  About 15.\nThe pig's head appetizer?  Tasted like grease and that's it.\nThe complementary bread on the table was stale and the garlic/evoo dip tastes nearly rancid if you dipped your bread in far enough to get the garlic.\nThe sausage pizza?  Salt.  Bread, sausage and cheese are all salty on their own.  WHY would you add a bunch of salt on top of the pizza??\nBurger ordered medium?  It came out barely rare and also overly salted.\n\nWe're not a tough going crowd when it comes to restaurants, but all 4 of us had exactly the same strong reaction: come for drinks, leave for food and service.  It's too bad."
	: "Multiple visits over many years and it's always the same. I use them only for emergency services. How can they knowingly, in good conscience, make sick pets wait over an hour in a room for help.  Then, after care is provided-make the pets wait another hour for \"the bill\"!  Even when I had to euthanize my cat, I had to wait in the room over an hour with a suffering pet. They apologized for the wait because they had to attendt to emergencies - I get that-  then have more people on a shift!  For it to happen every time I've been- eight times-makes me question their credibility.   Yes, this is a harsh review-but as many others have stated-they're all about the money.  My sick cat went in tonight and I was told she needed hospitalization so she could get fluids.  I brought it up that I could -and was willing-to give her the fluids at home-as I had been given that option for another one of my cats from our regular vet.  My experience has been that  VCA always recommends as many tests as they can-where other vets start with basic blood panel and go from there.  Don't get me wrong-the staff and Dr.s are very nice- it's just there is very little common sense utilized in regard to wait time and comfort for our pets. Again-emergencies only!!!"
	: "It breaks my heart to give this review. I was so excited that a shabu place was coming to Harvard. But the fare was so awful that we actually left about three bites into the meal, and I have never done that before. I've eaten shabu many times, most often at spots in Chinatown or Allston/Brighton, so this review is not out of ignorance.\n\nSushi: the salmon sashimi was cut wrong and from the wrong part of the fish. It was mushy, floppy, and had too much of that gray fatty skin on it. \n\nShabu: The meat was awful (chicken dryer and beef way way tougher/chewier than at other shabu spots). The broth was NOT broth, but plain old fatty chicken stock. This gave the veggies and meats a bad flavor. The dab of soy sauce/tsuru was way too salty - it should have been much less salty and served more liberally.  \n\nService: They clearly don't have their game down. The meal came out in fragments - the meat came out about 10 minutes before the veggies, and the \"broth\" had been boiling away for some time when we finally got to start cooking. They gave us a single \"broth\" pot, rather than one with a divider. We asked to switch, and they did so right away. There were more servers than customers, and yet service was still slow, and a bit clumsy. \n\nLayout: The tables don't seem quite big enough for shabu. There were just 2 of us at a table for 4, but the food was cramped and took up the whole table, so we were reaching across the boiling pot and hotplate to reach the meat and veggies. Not sure how it would fit 4 people. \n\nManagement: They were very concerned when we asked for the check, and asked lots of questions. We certainly appreciated the concern, and they actually didn't let us pay though we wanted to. After hearing what we thought was wrong with the meal, they explained it by saying that \"they serve Chinese shabu, this is Thai shabu.\" But given that shabu is Japanese, we weren't really convinced. \n\nGoodness, I hope they get it together. I will be dropping cash here once they do**.\n---\n**Update: I will now be dropping cash at Shabu Ya, the other new shabu shabu joint that just opened up in Harvard Square. Take heart, shabu fans!"
	: "Yummiest Froyo on the east coast!"
	: "Charges for extra shot of espresso when it is thrown away anyway. Generic, uninspired, completely mediocre. Try the crazy mocha 2 blocks away"
	: "Dining here was truly a wonderful experience. The ambiance is cozy and welcoming, like you're going over someone's house for an intimate dinner party. My boyfriend and I shared 6 small plates, and the standout dishes were scallops and chicken, as well as the rhubarb tart. The homemade sodas were great as well. We asked a lot of questions about the menu and our server was very helpful and patient. Everything about Bondir is well thought out, from the lighting to the plates to the food. This restaurant is truly special."
	: "Don't judge me for giving this place 5 stars!! Sure, Noodle Planet may not make \"authentic\" Asian food, and the fact that they cook Vietnamese, Chinese, Thai, AND Japanese (am I missing one?) dishes might \"compromise\" the quality and taste of everything, the real fact of the matter is, everything I have ordered here tastes amazing and \"authentic.\" I've tried their pho, seafood tom kah noodle soup (the only place I've found that serves noodles with their tom kah soup!), Hong Kong pan fried crispy chow mein, coconut curry with chicken, pad see ew, mint leaf chicken, etc. Basically I've tried a large variety of dishes, and everything always comes out perfect and delicious!\n\nService is great; the waiters here are really friendly and helpful. However, this place is cash only, but they conveniently have an ATM machine for you to use inside their restaurant. They also serve boba drinks, and I've tried their taro smoothie and Thai iced tea--really yummy. Prices are not bad at all, and the portions are really big. I love this place!!"
	: "I could easily rate this place 5 stars based on their tomato soup alone (which was by far the BEST I've ever tasted. Ever.).\n\nThe restaurant is airy and keeps with the loft style shops and apartments in the area. There's plenty of seating, and a open bar area that appeared to have a full bar offering.\n\nThe pizza itself is amazing - the options are limited, but flavors are limitless! And, you can always create something of your own making."
	: "yum! i love there pork vermicelli salad!"
	: "Great Hookah lounge. The owners are great and the food is amazing make sure to try the tomatoe soup and there hummus"
	: "We went to Green Street for Valentine's Day and I absolutely loved it. We started off we cocktails and an appetizer. I ordered the Maple Leaf cocktail and was amazed at how wonderful this drink was! I will definitely be coming back for this drink alone, (I believe it was only Canadian whiskey, lemon and maple syrup but was impressed nonetheless!)\n\nWe ordered the mussels as an appetizer and I have to say that this is the dish that converted me once an for all as a mussel lover. The mussels were served in a savory broth with crispy bread and sauerkraut. Amazing!\n\nThe main meal paled in comparison to the drinks and appetizers but it was still a decent meal. I ordered the fluke with a grilled frisee salad and it came with golden beets, grapefruit and a yogurt on top. It was an odd combination of flavors but it all seemed to work. \n\nThe atmosphere  was very laid back and cozy and I can't wait to go back to Green Street for drinks and appetizers!"
	: "We we're downtown wasting some time... we came across No Thai and well the fact is, I LOVE Thai and cannot get enough of it.  We had some time and were feeling peckish if not full on hungry, so my boyfriend and I ducked in to check it out and grab some food.  \n\nWe ordered the tofu drunken noodles to split.  #1 It was incredibly fast.  I was shocked, I got the fast-food feeling of the place when we walked in, but this was lightening fast.  Right on.  #2 it was reasonably good.  Yes, I've had better, but it wasn't bad in the least.  #3 my boyfriend is embarrassing sometimes and after shoveling-food-into-mouth-eating he will lick his place.  It wasn't bad food!  I'd say it was pretty good, he'd agree but his mouth is full. \n\nTotally worth trying in the least!"
	: "Solid 3 to 3.5 stars here. Fast service with ample options and fresh taste, but it wasn't extraordinary. We ordered the pesto pasta (which was pretty small and pretty ordinary...) and a 14\" half and half pizza. We chose half Provence and half Casablanca. The Provence was very fresh tasting but the saltiness of the capers was a slight bit overbearing. Casablanca is your typical roasted garlic sauce pizza with a smattering of artichokes and mushrooms. Definitely will come back for more of the Casablanca (our favorite for today!), since it's just a block from my work. Plus, eating something natural/organic makes me feel a tad better, despite the fact that it's pizza."
	: "The stores and service here is great. It also has an excellent atmosphere with all the plants and foliage, and overhangs. Plus, it has all the stores I like, so I do most of my shopping here. It isn't too expensive as some people say. There are very expensive retailers here, but there is also a wide selection of mid-ranged stuff, you just have to look around. \n\nParking is also really convenient with two parking structures in addition to an enormous lot. The location could use better food venues, and by \"better\" I mean cheaper.\n\nThis place does have a good amount of pretentious bourgeois. Often, older shoppers strut around with one hand carrying loads of expensive clothing, and the other holding a leash to a small dog wearing expensive clothing. Plus, you know the place is for the affluent when the security guards roll around in segways."
	: "In all of my yelp days, only two restaurants have ever been deserving of a 1-star review. Well, last Thursday I discovered a third. Perhaps TFB is better known for their lunch menu? their bakery? the atmosphere? I all know is this patron (points to myself) won't be back for dinner again. \n\nI ordered the pappardelle, porcini & shiitake mushrooms which came with a hefty price tag of $16. $15.99 of that must have gone towards the interior design of the place because the flavor of the dish wasn't worth more than a cent. The pappardelle noodles seemed like they had been cooked days ago and popped in the microwave to reheat for a wee bit too long -- the texture was no where near the chewy al dente I'm accustomed to. What are they thinking serving TV dinner quality meals for fresh authentic Italian food prices? \n\nYou've been warned, yelpers! Save your money. Take it across the street to Miltos and pick up a nice pizza for half the price."
	: "I used to live in the house right in front of/behind (?) Louie's, and so I'd stop over anytime I needed some fries.  They have the best, crispy fries everrrrrrrrrr.  Love them.  Louie's used to be on my speed-dial. \n\nI used to get their subs for dinner on almost a weekly basis.  HOLY CRAP I ALMOST FORGOT ABOUT THAT UNTIL I WROTE THIS!!!!  Sigh, those were some good times.  Any sub + fries + milkshake = PERFECTION.  I recommend the peanut butter shake.  Unless you're allergic.  Then go with the classic vanilla.  Can't go wrong with that.  Unless you're lactose intolerant, but so am I - I just suck it up and bear with the pain because it's *that* worth it.\n\nAnd Louie's is great because it's open during daylight AND twilight hours, so you can satisfy your cravings at any hour of the day, not just at post-boozin night-times."
	: "Mehhh.\n\nThis place symbolizes much of what can be so frustrating about San Luis Obispo. The fact that it's so overwhelmingly successful on Yelp is disturbing and honestly makes me doubt taking suggestions from this site entirely.\n\nIt's great if:\n\n- You don't mind a turn and burn business ethic or fighting for a dirty table\n- You enjoy watching multiple simultaneous sports with a horde of other rabid fans\n- You are visiting from Fresno, Bakersfield, or a similar place\n- You enjoy an atmosphere where the majority of people's eyes are glued to huge screens rather than the people they came with or the food they are eating\n- You don't mind covering poor quality food with a ton of MSG laden seasoning, ranch dressing, and BBQ sauce that tastes like molasses\n- You like Hooter's\n- You like being a member of large, high intensity crowds\n- When you see a long line you think \"this place must be good\"\n- You were/are a jock, business or agriculture major, or are a member/want to be a member of the clique of prominent local good ol' boys\n- You are a nice person and don't mind appeasing friends who want to go there :)\n\nThat being said, there is definitely worse out there, which is why it gets 2 stars. I understand that it's a sports bar and the screens and people and everything are to be expected, and I love burgers and beers as much as the next guy. I just think there are much better places to do it."
	: "Saving the best review for last! My friend Brandon wanted to take me to this place for a while now. Since my birthday just passed last weekend, we celebrated with sushi for dinner! Arriving fairly early, around 6pm, the restaurant was already filling up. A small quaint little sushi restaurant with one sushi chef behind a small kitchen bar and a couple of waitresses tended to each section. \n\nWe started off with a hijiki and watercress salad, then miso soup, and moved on to a sashimi platter deluxe. The fish was cut perfectly and came with a few extra pieces then the 2 pieces per fish listed on the menu. I was happy with that. The tuna was Blue Fin, and the salmon was more like salmon belly? All of it was fresh. I'm not a big Uni fan, but I still managed to take a piece and enjoy it. We also shared one giant roll. The Rainbow Roll. It consists of tuna, salmon, lobster salad and avocado? It was so big and if I ordered it for myself, I probably would not even be able to finish half of it. 10 HUGE pieces. It should be called a Monster Roll eh?\n\nThe staff was really friendly. Had to ask for the green tea to be refilled, but thats ok. If this is the best place for sushi in Princeton, I believe it!\n\nNO RESERVATIONS! Come early, long wait on weekends during peak hours."
	: "Great atmosphere! They only carry their own spirits - which is a great novelty! They make their own spirits - beer, wine, vodka, gin, and rum. If you are particular this might not be good because they don't have any other typical options.\n\nOverall- great place!"
	: "One of my favorite parks. Its small, but its a good place to hang out."
	: "This place always has a line, but I cant complain because their cookies and hot dogs and brownies are pretty cheap. Its just simple goodness here. I am always willing to wait in line for this place. The cookies are moist and soft. Ice cream choices are dryers flavor. This is a must stop place if you are in LA and want to delicious cheap cookies or a cookie ice cream sandwich for a buck. Parking is tough!"
	: "Ah Domino's.  You're incredibly convenient for delivery: that whole \"order online\" thing is quite a plus.  I do also appreciate the online component, what with the little bar telling me that my food is in the oven, or on the way.\n\nBut you're still Domino's.  You'll fill me up, but there are definitely better options.  Not quicker in terms of delivery though, so that's nice.  \n\nI should point out as well that this Domino's is primarily a pickup/deliver one.  No sit-down (though I don't know how much they even do sit-down anymore)"
	: "CVS! yay! where else can you go at 11 PM for tin foil to wrap cupcakes, at 9 am for an urgent birthday card, at 5 pm for milk and windex - you get the idea. the guys behind the counter - especially late at night - are actually surprisingly helpful and entertaining."
	: "Last night was my first time at beleza. I had heard mixed reviews...Well I have to say if you dont like this place maybe you dont really get it. This is the first place in Atlanta to do the cocktail louge thing right. The drinks are exceptional. I had a drink called \"Envy\". It was an absinthe drink with honey, egg whites, and basil...sounds strange...soooo good!! I was nervous about the eggs, but the bartender told me \"shake em hard and youre just making meringue\". He was increadably knowledgeable, definatley a cocktail nerd. Not the place to order a vodka-tonic, you will definatley get a sideways glace, and with good reason,-thats like ordering a cheese sandwich at the Ritz dining room.Aside from the great cocktails they have a DJ everynight and good nibbles on the menu. Ill definatley be back."
	: "3.5 stars - Breakfast burritos is what it's all about. \n\nI got the sausage and egg breakfast burrito. It's really large. I would have preferred some beans/rice/other filler instead of the tons of potatoes, but it was still good. The service is friendly and fast.\n\nMy friend got some strawberry waffles which were pretty good. Fresh strawberry toppings.\n\nA pretty good breakfast place, but I've had better."
	: "Seriously the pedicure there is better than sex and chocolate...and that's saying something!!!\n\nI totally drifted to sleep in their ever so comfortable ergonomic type chairs ( you are pretty much laying down while getting a pedicure), with the help of an additional neck rest as well! Megan (I think I'm getting the name right) did an awesome job on my hooker pink painted toes. She scrubbed my feet so well I think I'm feeling new sensations down there! Seriously every inch of my nails are painted.. you know sometimes when you get home and check and there are little bare spots left on the edges.\n\nThe salon is spotless, and I barley even noticed the nail polish/acetone smell, which is every so common at most nail spots. They also have tons of polish to choose from: Essie, OPI, and even a vegan polish line! This is mostly an appointment based place to call before just walking in. And follow them on twitter as well for last minute deals, which sometimes are almost up to 50% off!! $28 for just the basic pedicure, I can't even imagine what their signature one is like! http://twitter.com/NouvelleNailSpa"
	: "Oh my goodness, this is a scary place.  While eating, cockroaches were scurrying across the wall right next to the table I was eating at.  I got so disgusted that I finally had to kill it myself.  I mentioned it to the cashier and she just shrugged her shoulders.\n\nAs far as the food goes, the terrikyaki sauce they use is literally the worst sauce I have EVER had.  I guess that they think that if you're a student, you won't care enough, that you'll just wolf it down and move on.\n\nAll in all, a terrible place and it's too bad.  While other reviewers say their portions are large, it's not an excuse to have cockroaches running around your restaurant@!"
	: "I used to LOVE this place.  I feel it has been on a steady decline in quality over the last few years.  I wonder if they have different management.  I went last night and my beloved fish tacos tasted off.  Couldn't shake the thought that they tasted like they had dunked the fish in dishwater before putting them in my taco.  They were soggy, the fish looked a little gray, and the seasoning tasted wrong.  The cabbage didn't even taste fresh.\n\nThis was the first time I noticed them bringing food to the table, so that's new.  Wish they had kept the cool aquarium, my kids used to love that."
	: "One of the best things about LG is the lovely outdoor seating. On a nice Carolina day, it's a wonderful space to hang out or do work. Lots of little tables scattered around, sunshine and shade, etc. \n\nYou can also tell that whoever is in charge is paying close attention to customer needs, as they are often introducing new menu items and adding more seating, since this place is growing in popularity. \n\nThe staff are friendly and the prices are the same you'd find anywhere. I come here almost daily and am so glad to have another coffee shop in Carrboro. This place can be empty at times but on weekend afternoons, good luck finding a seat---I'd recommend getting there before noon. If it's packed, just do as I do and pretend you were getting your coffee to go, anyway."
	: "Because I come here after 2am that may have an direct relationship with why I always get super fresh food here.  \n\nEverytime I've came here the fries have been cooked to order and the chocolate brownie pie was to die for!!!  \n\nThe staff working have always been great.  I love coming here for my fry fix!"
	: "Stan's a real class act. We live in Louisiana.  By telephone, from here, we ordered our UCLA student (son) a big batch of his favorite doughnuts from Stan - very late - on our son's birthday. Even though Stan hadn't met us, he agreed to deliver - today, on his birthday - our last minute order to our son's dorm. And, Stan trusted us to pay him by check.\n\nThe doughnuts are great and Stan's even greater. Even by Cajun standards, that's real hospitality!  Bon Appetit!"
	: "I think this place should be called \"Jokers\"...  they are always smiling!!!  This is warm, welcoming place to be.  Food, drinks are great, but the service with a smile makes this place different from any other places!!!  What are they eating?  Why are they so positive??  We need more businesses like this!  It's bit gray today... I think I might have to head down to Ugly Mug!!"
	: "I used to come here often when I worked in Pasadena.  The food was always good, the prices reasonable and the staff was friendly and attentive.\n\nThe parking situation is a bit difficult if you're going there for lunch.  They have a parking lot on the second floor of the building, which is a little nerve-wracking if you're driving stick shift into such a steep incline.  It's either that, or find parking somewhere on the already busy streets.\n\nI'm not sure if they still have the lunchtime buffet - good place for lunch if you're in the area but not a place that I would go out of my way to visit."
	: "Decent bubble tea in College Park, MD. I support this place. Brings some diversity to the Rte 1 strip."
	: "Really good bread, huge amounts of meat, a salad on each half - that's a Cafe Intermezzo sandwich.  Packed with Cal students at lunch and who can blame them?  $10 gets you 2 meals.  Get your food to go...the atmosphere inside is pleasant only if you hanker for that student union feeling again.  Service is friendly if not particularly fast and it's not the cleanest spot in town.  Avoid the egg salad...the dijon mustard doesn't work."
	: "Whenever there's a momentous occasion in my life, anniversary, graduation, or the like, I go to Pepper Sky. I love that place. The place is great which is kind of a double edged sword. It can get pretty full, but the wait is never too long. Service is okay, and the food is good. My personal favorite is the pad thai, you can never go wrong with the pad thai. Never. Actually, I know I need to try other things on the menu, I always sneak things of my friends plates and their delish! Next time I go there I'm going venture outside of comfort zone and get the green curry, well maybe, we'll see.\n\n  It's decently priced for a nicer restaurant it's not too expensive. If you're in the neighborhood, you should definitely stop in."
	: "IF PAPER WERE FABRIC I'D WEAR IT\n\nI often do not give a five-star rating to anyone. Hollanders blew me away with their selection, quality and service. \n\nI just went over there for the first time during Ann Arbor's Midnight Madness.  This was my first trip there and I spent so much time there I think I was in there for 45 minutes to an hour. In a paper store?- seriously I was. \n\nSUMPTUOUS PAPER\nYou just want to reach out and touch, rub, feel the papers, as some of them look silky and alive (but I kept my hands off so as to not ruin the papers).  It's an explosion of design for the senses.  Some of their paper looks like you could take it off the rack and begin sewing with it, it's that beautiful. \n\nTIP OF THE CARDSTOCK\nPaper is just one item at Hollanders though, as they have many gifts, stationaries, cards, journals, etc. to choose from and upstairs is an entirely different store- high-end housewares. \n\nYou will have to walk through many many times to take it all in as they have quite a bit of space compared to many of the small Kerrytown retailer spaces.  The selection is vast, so you'll need time to take it all in.  *Hollanders is an experience.*  You don't just dash and grab like you're at Walgreens, so plan on spending time there and enjoy the experience.\n\nBRING OUT THE ARTIST IN YOU\nEven if you're not an artistic, crafty type of person, one trip to Hollanders might make you want to take up some type of artistic hobby and run with it.  The blank card stock and stationary selections also might make you ditch the constant emailing and opt to put pen to paper- takin' it back to old school. \n\nIN SUMMARY\nIf you ever saw \"The Sound of Music\" (who hasn't?) and gotten all  crazed when Julie Andrews sang the line \"The Hills are alive with the sound of music...\", then you just might go into Hollanders and have the same experience she had- but from paper. I'm not kidding. Try not to spin around too much though since you might knock something over. hee hee\n\nGo see for yourself."
	: "So close to home and so comforting (only a block away). Green St restaurant is a pretty solid place in my book. Fun Friday & Saturday night environment with delicious seasonal menus. Their cocktails is also amazing! My favorite and go to drink is the Bohemian - while girly to the eyes, it has a nice manly kick for all types of sex ;) My man friend was hesitant to get one since it was so \"girly looking\" but he was not disappointed after a sip. \n\nMy bf and I always end up taking our out of towner friends here because well, we think this is a solid place for food and drinks!"
	: "It doesn't get any more fun than this.  BDD is a blast -- cheap booze, lots of action, and enthusiastic crowd.  Truly a gem of an event to go to, especially with friends.  \n\nThe only thing about it I don't like is that I can't play -- it looks like so much fun!"
	: "I went to Cafe Luna with 3 others for a late lunch (3pm) on a sunny Sunday afternoon.  The person taking names wrote ours town and insured us that he would find us on the tables nearby.  However, after 20 minutes, we went to check in with him and he claimed he had called our name already.  Well, we weren't far and we definitely didn't hear a thing.  Luckily he seated us right away.  \n\nThe food was INCREDIBLE.  So many delicious and unique options.  1 page of specials, another page of awesomeness, and I didn't even look at the regular menu.  I got the S'Mac and Cheese (spicy mac and cheese with bacon) and it was amazing.  Others got unique omelets that were great.  Another person got the lemon ricotta pancakes which were to die for.  All in all, food was fantastic.  \n\nThe only downfalls come from the service- waitstaff was REALLLLLLLY slow and not super responsive to refills.  Coffees came at all different times and it took awhile to get condiments, etc.  Also, $$$$ but worth the money in my opinion.  Not looking forward to cooler weather when this place gets packed and has no outdoor seating!!"
	: "This was my first time going to Princeton Nails. I just walked-in for an acrylic fillin. They were price competitive, used really good product (OPI acrylic vs the regular stuff), and were among the most polite I have come across in the area. She also did a phenomenal job; the shape and length were exactly what I wanted, and she did an impeccable job with the painting. After they were dried, she even put my coat on for me! A+ service and I intend on going again. Thanks Annie!"
	: "the spider rolls are good, as are the teriyaki chicken bowls.  i just wish they served sake.  the portions tend to vary in size, but mostly its pretty filling. :)"
	: "I feel bad giving this place one star.... but it's so not good!\nCupcakes are very trendy right now, so I was excited to see this cupcake place in Princeton.\n\nLet's break it down.\n\nThe cupcakes-\nThey DID have a good amount of flavors to choose from.. I'll give them that! However, they were NOT tasty at all ! They tasted like hostess or something you'd buy at a supermarket! Definitely not bakery fresh. The icing was way too sugary as well.\n\nThe store is very strange.\nThe walls are lime green if I remember and it's like bare inside. They give you the cupcakes in this plastic container, it's weird.\n\nThey need to improve their concept, decor, and most importantly, cupcakes! If they do this, I might reconsider!"
	: "Great outdoor mall, a lot of high-end  fashion stores. \nSprinkles Cupcake is located here. Lots of parking, and small cafes for sit, eat, and chatting environment."
	: "Hmm I'm really not sure what the appeal for boba loca is other than the fact that it is the only real boba place within the 2 mile radius of UCLA. The atmostphere isn't that great and neither is the price. Actually, it's probably one of the most expensive boba places I've ever been to (ever check out quickly's or tapioca express?)\n\nAnd I don't really see how the place is a good place to study. The tables are tiny, there's often loud drunk college kids and/or traffic rushing about outside on Broxton and Weyburn, and theres always not enough plugs for your laptops. \n\nThe drinks are usually decent, but once in a while I get a bland drink that makes me very sad that I've spent almost 5 bucks for it. bleh"
	: "You can pay $50 a month for a Gym Membership, or you can spend 50 cents on a Diddy Riese cookie.\n\nHmmmmm."
	: "oh how i miss \"the ave\"  and UW!\n\ni love this place...love the charming hole-in-the-wall style.\n\nonly downside is that it's cash-only and there is usually a long wait during dinner time.\n\ni love their swimming rama, fried rice, and phad thai. delicious!  the service is mediocre but the food definitely makes up for it.\n\ni think this is my favorite thai restaurant so far. i have yet to be as impressed and entertained (you can watch the cooks make the food right from your seat).\n\none suggestion - i wish this place would expand a bit so safety and seating isn't always an issue."
	: "I'm not sure anything I say can be as positive as what's already been said by prior reviews. If you're into hats, this is the place to be. Awesome selection, super friendly and helpful staff helped the princess and I into the perfect caps. Whether its flat caps, fedoras, knits, skullies, bell caps, and bowlers this place has it all. Hand made super quality. \n  I bit on the Giltycity.com app when it came around, and had the pleasure of strolling into the Harvard square shop where at once the princess and I were captivated by the staff and selection. Will return and hope to see you there!"
	: "Been a fan of natural history museum for years! Love the new dinosaur hall!! Thomas the T. Rex is sooo cool !\n\nParking is $10 cash only, private parking lot, admission is $9 for students and seniors, $12 for adults. They offer 13 FREE Tuesdays a year, check out their site for exact free Tuesday dates. They have daily tours and animal meet and greet, which are great for your visit. \n\nThe new dinosaur hall is just amazing! Thomas the T. Rex captured my attention, it is one of the ten most complete T.Rex specimens on earth. They brought ancient animals to life! You can find out everything and anything you want to know about dinosaurs! Huge hall with 2 stories, you can have a very good view of the entire dinosaur hall upstairs. We are very into dinosaurs so we spent most of our time there, lots of questions were answered. The T. Rex growth series, how old are those dinosaurs, how the archeologists brought them to life, where they were found...very educational, and sooo cool! They have lots of other exhibitions too,  mammal halls, birds, insect halls, gemstone vault, archeological treasure, California history....etc, depends on what you like, you can spend more time there, I think it is gonna take a whole day to visit every hall thoroughly, it's just too much walking for me. \n\nThey have a cafe downstairs, good selection of food, snacks, healthy snacks, drinks, sandwich, burger... lots to choose from. It was great to sit down and have some food n beverages to recharge energy, we needed that for the visit! \n\nDon't forget to visit the museum stores, there are so many cute things, we got a few goodies at dinosaur store. :)\n\nThe staffs were very friendly and helpful. It was packed on a holiday Monday, lots of kids, family and couples. Great place for a family day, or date day, fun and educational!\n\nThey are currently doing many constructions both inside and outside, with that 13 million donation, they are gonna have lots of new things coming to this museum! Can't wait!!! :)"
	: "1.5\n\nI have had a couple good experiences with the Tang Center, but for the most part it has been pretty bad. For one, never expect your appointment to ever start on time. It isn't rare for a patient to wait up to an hour after the appointment time to see the doctor. Another problem is simply that the doctors really don't care from what I have seen. Finally even making an appointment can take forever, since no one answers the phone and the drop in advise nurse always takes a while. All of this could have been forgiven however, if it wasn't for my particularly bad experience this last week.\n\nI have a nasal infection. A bacterial nasal infection. Right now I have had it for over 3 weeks and have been to the Tang Center 4 times and they still won't concede its anything but  a minor cold. I made an appointment, doctor said I should rest and it should go away. Saw an advice nurse, twice! She said it was probably allergies. I told her I have every single symtom of a nasal infection and that I need amoxicillin, she said im not a doctor. Go to the ER since its been over three weeks, i am incredible congested, have a constant headache, and I am going home to see my family and my father recently recovered from cancer (thus has a extremely vunerable immune system) and didn't want to infect him, wait for over 2 hours, and all the advice nurse said was that i need to take sudafed and rest. I tell her thats all ive been doing, may i see a doctor, and she says i shouldn't go to the ER for minor colds, and that it would be over in a day or 2. now my whole family is sick, its been over 3 weeks, and I am still feeling miserable with midterms right around the corner. the tang center is terrible, sorry for the rant."
	: "I didn't know food could be both tasteless and disgusting simultaneously. Never again."
	: "One of those places that I have been into about 5-10 times and no one in the store ever helps me out.   \nA really big, nice interior, but horrible customer service."
	: "The steak and spicy shrimp burrittos are great. The tacos are weak and too expensive what you get. The salsa is good, but I like the texture Baja Fresh's chips better. They also have a lobster burritto I believe that I may try soon. Interesting concept......\nIt's a pretty typical mexican restaurant but they also serve drinks."
	: "I thought the food was good, price was fair, but I was very dissappointed with a bathroom key.\n\nWould be 3 stars or higher if they didn't have the bathroom Key issue."
	: "Yes it's a bit overpriced for things, yes the setup is a bit confusing as a newb. That being said it is huge portions of tasty, fresh and real food. They make it to order and it comes out hot when it needs to be. I am willing to pay more for that myself.\n\nI have had breakfast and lunch here now. I brought my dad for the breakfast trip. We debated the menu and finally settled on splitting a farmer's omelette with ham, potatoes, onions, green pep, swiss and cheddar. We also went halfsies on the cheese blintzes with strawberries and pineapple. Everything we ate was happy. It was more than enough for us and we enjoyed every bite. \n\nFor lunch I brought my mom. I sampled a lemon chicken salad with a muffin. Mmmm a happy salad indeed. Marinated chicken breast served hot over mixed greens with red onions and alfalfa sprouts. It's served with with tomato wedges, strawberries and oranges and topped with pecans. I ate every bit. My mom had a chicken salad and fruit plate with strawberries, cantaloupe, honeydew melon, fresh pineapple, bananas, apple wedges and orange wedges. It was garnished with frozen yogurt. Impressive and it made her extremely happy.Everything was ripe and tasty.\n\nI will bring James here sometime when he can wait. I hear weekends can be a zoo."
	: "Average pizza, good salads, good strombolis, good location, speedy, and delivered to the dorms in the cold and/or rain/snow.  \n\nWe ordered from here a lot when my gf lived on campus.  If you go to Drexel and want pizza joint food, give them a shot.  If you're hungry and wanting some late-night pizza food check them out.  California Pizza, right next door, is about the same quality."
	: "Rum raisin ice cream. Awesome.  Lots of froyo options next to the classic 'cream and coffees. Cozy shop. Delish."
	: "Standard Americanized Mexican cuisine.  Comparatively, I would say this location skimps a bit on meat portions.  Regardless, it is staple to any college kid's diet.  Its cheap, easy to eat and transport, and filing.  The line is usually almost always out the door during busy hours.  If you feel like you need a change up in taste, try Gordo's down the block."
	: "For being in the U Village this Aveda store is actually really great, plus it's right across from Fran's.  Every time I go in here I'm greeted with a warm and friendly hello and hot tea, tea so hot it burns your mouth but its good tea just very hot so be careful when you accept it.\n\nI love walking in and saying I want to find something that will help with 'this' problem and with in seconds I have products in front of me to play with and smell and try and with a little more talking I'm able to find a product that fixes my problem.  Plus I love all their travel size products, I'm never pushed to buy the full size but to try the travel size to see if I really like it and that it works and if it doesn't they are great with returns."
	: "THE BEST LATE NIGHT FOOD IN ALL OF CAMBRIDGE!\n\nFalafel Palace delivers consistently every time. Before you assume your experience is going to be perfect, beware of the following:\n- Long lines, especially around 2am\n- Juicy, drippy falafel wraps\n- No space inside to eat\n\nIf you're prepared to endure those hardships, then you're ready for:\n- Amazing, quality falafel (I've been to Israel twice, I know my falafel)\n- If you ask for extra anything (I highly recommend pickles), you will get an abundance of that item\n- LOTS OF FOOD for CHEAAAP\n- Homemade baklava\n- If you ask for spicy, you're going to burn your mouth\n\nFor a while I only ordered the falafel wrap with tahini sauce and extra pickles, but the other day I branched out and got the vegetarian plate (which is a healthier option). I have never been disappointed at Falafel Palace. The owners are awesome, too."
	: "This is a chill place to grab lunch or a drink with friends -- the decor is classy (tin ceiling, brick walls, vintage mirrors) and less fratty than their neighbor, The Village Pourhouse, and less cramped than Sip.\n\nLunch special for $8 is good -- any burger or sandwich plus either fries, a salad or soup.  I got a grilled salmon sandwich with wasabi mayo - reg. price on the menu is $12, so it was a bargain. Hefty piece of salmon, too. \n\nAlso, they have a deal on Tuesdays where you get mussels, fries and a Belgian beer for $12.  I'll definitely be back to check that out. The bartender also made a fresh pot of coffee for me even though I was the only person drinking it in the bar.  \n\nThey have free wifi and a ton of outlets, too.  To sum it up: me likey."
	: "This is the first mexican restaurant I've been to that didn't serve free chips and salsa.  I ordered a quesadilla and it was around $8 for a taco bell sized snack.  My friend ordered a taco for $3 it was possibly the smallest taco I've ever seen.  I was still hungry when I left.  I don't know if it's because of the economy or what."
	: "I used to work next to The Vortex and even though I have since moved far away, it is still my favorite place for burgers.  I went back around Thanksgiving to find with dismay that they took my normal order off the menu: The Choker extra rare on wheat toast with the fried zucchini and a side of blue cheese.  I am a pain in the ass with burgers, I know, but the Vortex has always been very accommodating.  Fortunately they still had the artichoke spread on the appetizer menu and were happy to make my favorite for me!.  So my craving for the Vortex, which was 2 years in the making, was finally satisfied."
	: "Considering the area, I should probably give them 5 stars, but I've also only been here once.\n\nMy spicy pork tacos and basic beans and rice were immensely satisfying after months and months of life in the Mexi-free Northeast without a trip out west.  Solid home-style.  Basics done right.  Especially happy with this meal, retrospectively, after a much less satisfying brunch the next day at Ole in Cambridge."
	: "I stumbled upon this place five years ago.  I like to go there because they have a good selection of teas.  I also really appreciate the relaxed  atmosphere of this place.  The crowd seems to be younger, mostly students.  I have good memories of Cafe Pamplona and I glad it's still around."
	: "I love Modern Eye and  have been going to this place since forever! Dale and Kate are the absolute best! The other staff members are super helpful and very nice. Drs Chris and Bryan are knowledgeable, downt to earth and approachable. I have a friend, who flies in from London just to get her eye exam and glasses here. You can't go wrong going to Modern Eye."
	: "I didn't mind Vine. The 2-star average review doesn't really seem fair. Sure the service is minimalist but hey - at least they don't try to pressure you into ordering drinks and dessert. The sushi is fine & there are lots of vegetarian options (avocado, cucumber, pickle, squash, shitake & others). I like the orange-flavoured salad dressing and the greens are fresh. The lunch boxes are good too - I had tofu teriyaki. My main gripe is with the prices! Two (relatively small) vegetable sushi rolls with salad came to $9. The lunch boxes are better value - ~$10 is good value. But a light lunch for two at $25 once tax and tip are added is not an everyday indulgence. Maybe I just need to adjust  to NYC prices...\n\nA niche plea to the service staff - if someone orders the tofu lunch box please PLEASE ask whether they want the vegetarian roll! We forgot to ask for it specifically so the california roll went uneaten (we were too embarrassed to send it back). But which carnivores are ordering the tofu dish in the lunch box? Surely not many..."
	: "Taza 21 is hands-down the best Middle Eastern food in Squirrel Hill. I usually get the falafel wrap, but I've also tried the chicken shawarma, baba ghanoush, and hummus. The falafel is on the smaller side but a great lunch treat. The sides are similarly awesome, not too lemony as with some of the other Pittsburgh Middle East I've tried. The food can take a while to prepare but come bearing chill vibes and you'll be good. Great spot for a sunday morning hangover recovery. There's a good sense the owner will take care of you, he's very respectful and my visits are always a pleasure."
	: "Went to Grendel's Den for the first time this weekend and was pleasantly surprised!  Have been to Harvard Square a million time s and some how never checked out Grendel's.  All food was half price if you buy a drink.  In season they offer warm cider drinks.. can't wait to go back and try em.  Cute and cozy inside with a fireplace (wasn't lit while we were there).  Staff was friendly but not over the top.  I would reccomed this place after a day of shopping or for a snack and a drink if you are looking to relax."
	: "Dear Koronets, \n\nThank you for feeding me with your brontosaurus-sized pieces of cheesy and oily goodness when I was hungry, broke, and unable to ask my mother for more money because I blew it all on alcohol. \n\nThank you for serving me with your unwavering nonchalance no matter how astoundingly drunk I staggered into your establishment and/or incoherently stammered out an order. \n\n\nThank you for not being ridiculously delicious so that I don't crave your I-don't-even-want-to-know-how-many-calories slices when I'm sober. \n\nThank you for being open late so that I can visit you whenever I'm stressed out from finals and/or shamefully inebriated and hungry. \n\nThank you for your shady interior, awful florescent lighting, and mirrors on the wall that constantly remind me that I am drunk instead of studying. \n\nThank you for being so cheap. \n\nThank you for your small selection of drinks so that I can concentrate on your how-in-the-world-does-that-fit-into-my-stomache sized pieces. \n\nThank you for not laughing or taking pictures for blackmail uses of my drunk college self. \n\nWith gratitude and with much love,\n\nColumbia student."
	: "Really friendly staff, pretty quick turnarounds on repairs and maintenance, and a good selection of the odds and ends that you need to keep your bike running smoothly. \n\nI wish it were a bit larger of a store, just to complete their selection a bit more, but the bikes that they do offer are excellent and listed at pretty competitive prices.\n\nI had been searching for a commuter bike online for the past few months, comparing online options and local shops. While most of the shops in the area have a similar selection of bikes, I thought BT was really helpful in helping me sort through the options and pick a reasonable city bike.  The price I paid for my Jamis Commuter was about $30 less than the other offers in the area.\n\nFree air = bonus!"
	: "I 100% agree wtih Heather Q. This place is EXACTLY like Anna's Taqueria... in fact I have a theory they are owned by same people and they just spruced up Felipe's for the Harvard crowds. \n\nSo basically, very good, cheap Mexican... but more expensive than Anna's... and Anna's has better carnitas."
	: "If you have been to Benihana, than you really need to stop and come here.  Yes I've been to Chomp and no it's not even close.  Shoguns?  You can't tell but I am laughing at you. The only other place that edges this place out is Tsunami's in HB and it's because of the noodles they make!\n\nTokyo Kitchen is located in a very unassuming strip mall in \"why the heck are we in Monclair?\", CA.  There really isn't any other reason to visit this city.  Even the mall makes me think of the 80s and not in the awesome way.  \n\nAnyway it's not a chain and I am pretty sure it is family owned.  The food is delicious and most of the chefs are actually still Japanese, go figure!\n\nTheir seasoned rice which comes with your meal is way better than steamed rice.  I have no idea what they do with it and if I didn't LOVE fresh made fried rice I would just stick with this any day.  \n\nYour meal comes with lots of food, too much for one person really but it never feels heavy.  You start with soup and salad with ginger dressing(looks like barf to me but most people like it)  and you head on into dinner.  Your entree will afford you all of the following:\n\nShrimp app\nrice\nassorted veggies\ntwo homemade and unmatched tasty sauces\nand your protein\n\nmost entrees even include ice cream.  Green tea is still yummy all these years later.\n\nThey have a great sushi bar and their alcoholic drinks even have cool souvenir glasses.  I love it here, always have.\n\nYou need to go, you'll thank me once you forget about the traffic on the 10 freeway."
	: "I went to LuLu's dozens of times during my undergrad at CMU.  Basically, it is cheap with decent portions and the food is pretty good if you get the right dish.  Stick to the noodle dishes and you will be good. Most of the time I stuck with the Chow Fun Beef.\n\nAre there better places? Certainly - try Rose Tea Cafe in Squirrel Hill.  But for price it is pretty good."
	: "I was visiting Palo Alto and on a chilly trip to the Stanford Shopping Center I stumbled upon Sprinkles Cupcakes. It was super packed and I just had to go in. The first thing I noticed was the variety of cupcakes from vegan versions to carrot cake cupcakes ahhh! I went with the very popular red velvet and it was delicious. I even took some to go! The staff was extremely friendly considering the gloomy day outside (it was around Xmas). \n\nThis summer I was back in town and surely made a stop for my birthday and skipped the cake. They can run a bit pricey but worth the splurge. It will definitely be a tradition of mine to stop at Sprinkles whenever I'm in town again!"
	: "Very small and cutesy vintage shop.\n\nvintage, not thrift.\n\nprices were steep, selection is limited.\n\nbut if you're into what they offer it is a lovely little store.\nit seems like they have a large selection of jackets and petticoat-styled dresses. they have one rack of clearance clothes which ended up being the only things i was able to afford.\n\ni ended up buying a blue dress that wasn't very vintage-styled but cute none-theless.\nworkers were very very nice and always smiling.\n\nthey offer alterations to whatever you wish to buy. they charge based on how long the alteration takes. something as simple as shortening or tightening clothes cost $7 while larger projects can cost upward to $30."
	: "Zoe's is a great little brunch spot that does all the classics well (I'll have to make a return trip to try some of their Greek fare), filling you up for dirt cheap. Order the My 3 Sons breakfast and you'll get three eggs cooked any style, 3 pieces of bacon, 3 sausages, 3 pancakes (I opted  for the sweet potato ones which were just a tad bit dense for me), and the most delicious hash browns--all for $10. After a night of drunken debauchery (my new favorite phrase), that meal--which was delivered on two GIANT plates--was just what the doctor ordered."
	: "Bookstores are getting very bad at the moment due to people spending all their money on food and ugly cloths, and of course the internet, but Moes has managed to remain a fairly good bookstore, especially the fourth floor.  Always something to find there, and a friendly staff.  In better times there would be much more."
	: "this is definitely a bar where everyone knows your name.  or at least the bartenders do, in addition to taking the effort to light your cigarette [back in the day when smoking was allowed indoors] and serve the free eggs that float around as an appetizer complete with tabasco, salt and pepper.  the menu changes regularly, season to season.  although a bit expensive, the staples, such as the arugula salad and mussels, are outstanding.  my new addiction, especially after a few:  blue cheese fries.  yum.\r\n\r\natmosphere is everything to this establishment...music is low key until later at night.  i've been a regular here since six years ago, when i first moved to boston.  rob has always been the best bartender, now a father to ellis.  he still makes the martinis the way i like them.\r\n\r\nbesides martinis, the bside stocks and mixes a variety of other libations.  one to try, which is their signature sweet drink, is the stardust.  mixed into a lavender shade, definitely a must-try."
	: "This place isn't anything special. The people are nice but they're boring and they seem like they only smile because they might lose their job if they do not. There are a couple of really ditzy people working there that just stand around and forget directions. Other than that, it's an okay place for a sandwich."
	: "Alchemist & Barrister was entirely disappointing. When we walked in it took more than five minutes for a host to approach us and another 5 to 8 minutes for a table, even though some were clearly available. After settling in, the server took several minutes to arrive, even though she was taking care of tables nearby. I couldn't catch her attention if I had three heads! \n\nWe had Ana Luisa's Empanadas to start off our meal. The three stuffed pastries were dry on the inside and outside with very little flavor to save it. Even drowning it in the accompaniment of salsa verde did not help.\n\nI've been more in the mood for vegetarian options lately and decided on the Vegetable Paella. It had eggplant, portabello mushroom, chickpeas, peppers, fennel, shallots, saffron and was served over brown Basmati rice - topped with tofu. How good does that sound?! It seems the restaurant makes up the lack of food quality by putting it in nice looking dishes. Although the bowl looked great, the food did not. It was bland in color and flavor. The rice and vegetables were just submerged in, what seemed to me like buttery water?\n\nMy friend ordered the Irish Pub Lamb Stew and again very little flavor. It was supposed to come with carrots and red bliss potatoes, but the whole dish had only one or two pieces of each. My other friend ordered Shepherd's Pie with lamb. It was actually the best dish out of the three. Although, that's still not saying much. If you're stuck between the pie and the lamb stew, definitely go for the pie.\n\nAlchemist & Barrister looks appealing on the outside. The entrance is on the side of the building with a charming stone pathway and the outdoor patio must be nice in the warm weather. I can't say the same, though, about the service and the food."
	: "I was looking for an eye place on my new insurance and was thrilled that this place is (1) walking distance from my office and (2) on my insurance!  Five stars just for that!  Now, of course, these two benefits don't apply to everyone...but there are plenty of others:\n\n-- I was able to schedule an appt very quickly (within a day or two if I remember correctly)\n-- They are located on the drag but they do have a parking lot in back (whew!  otherwise parking could be a nightmare)\n-- the doctor was very patient with my inability to take the \"poof\" test (there is another test that can be done it its place - yay!  good god I hate that poof of air)\n-- They have tons and TONS of frames!  Great selection.  Funky.  Modern.  Trendy.  Classic.  Simple.  LOTS of frames.  The guy helping me look for frames was also very patient and we looked at dozens and dozens of frames.  It was a hard decision to make, but I was very excited to learn that my insurance lets me get new frames every year!  So when my year is up, I'll be back to pick out another pair!"
	: "A warm and friendly shop with a great mix of yarns. The staff is helpful, but never pushy. Se sure to check out knit groups, spin groups, classes, and the frequent shopper club."
	: "The Bridge must've cost a fortune to build. It's no wonder they shy away from indie and foreign films: they've got to sell a lot of tickets to pay for all the trappings you don't see in any other movie theaters in Philly, or even on the East Coast. \n\nIf I wanted to impress a girl, I'd definitely take her to film at this chic, tactfully designed theater in University City. The scene is very date friendly, with a lounge area and a spacious bar toward the back. And the theaters are abnormally comfortable.\n\nThe movie offerings are certainly more limited than the bigger movie theaters, though, so be sure to check the net for what's playing before your ride on over."
	: "Went for Restaurant Week - enjoyed the creativity of their menu for the event! Really appreciated the wine specials to match their RW menu. Hubby didn't care for the Monday Room decor - per him it was ridiculous and painful to look at but I thought it was fun albeit a bit too much pink. His app was the bresaola, the beef had a very delicate flavor and was easily overwhelmed. Entree was the lemon olive oil poached sole, the fish itself was a bit dry & bland. My app, maple sugar custard roast apsparagus was excellent. Parmesan crumbed porter house pork chop was overcooked and greasy, but the sides helped it out. Desserts were very creative & tasty - chocolate & cardamom cake & Lemon cheesecake with roasted pineapple. Want to try the upstairs dining room next time! And I would definitley do a girls night in the Monday Room... big bar there too!"
	: "Upper Crust is one of the best things about Harvard Square. Good pizza, great topping variety, daily specials, and sangria."
	: "i'm a massage once every two weeks type of person and around Los Angeles I have a handful of therapists that get me.  When I travel for work, I crave great massage, but it's often hard to find a good one right away.\n\nThanks to YELP and the  great reviews about Angela I found the perfect therapist.  Not only is she a lovely human being and phenomenal massage therapist, she is and incredibly intuitive HEALER.  It's always such a blessing to meet someone that can truly help you if you're open to it.  \n\nAngela is so gifted in her intuitive meditation and massage.  If you stay open to the vibrational energy she provides you, you will walk out with your third eye wide open and feeling like a zillion bucks.  Do yourself a favor and go to her."
	: "Ever since one of my really good friends introduced me to L and Ls, I have a monthly irresistible urge to eat the chicken katsu from here. It is nice and crispy on the outside and yet oh so soft within (I don't mind what little fat is in there). I definitely have a set routine  when I come here: Regular size chicken katsu meal and sub rice for macaroni. ask for extra katsu sauce and pour over katsu. drench the rice and katsu with the light, sweet shoyu sauce they have in the sauce section. squeeze the ever loving life out of the spicy sauce they have ( not the siracha but the one with the seeds yyummm). Enjoy a months worth of chicken katsu in 20 mins. Drive home a happy man."
	: "I've been here twice.\n\nFirst time for a dinner with a group of 8 girls, in Dec 2007. Each ordered an entree and shared a couple of appetizers. Everything was EXCELLENT!! I had never had Indian food this good.  And it was my first time having seafood prepared in Indian style. So I promised myself that I would return with my husband. He's an Indian food lover.\n\nSo we finally had that chance to go and we went for the Saturday lunch buffet.  We both thought it was mediocre. Nothing special, not different from other Indian buffets.  But the good thing was the buffet price was very reasonable too.. so nothing to complain there."
	: "So I found this place thanks to a former fling from Harvard who insisted on us meeting here for a beer. A couple of weeks later, I ditched the dude but kept this little gem of a place. Since my best friend/tutor lives in Porter, and I live in Kendall, this was a good meeting place for us to work on homework together. And working on homework over a nice (cheap) pint of beer can't get any better. \n\nThe waiters/bartenders are friendly enough. The food is just pub food, but they have half-price food between 5:30 and 7:30 and then later at night again (I think). So that works pretty well."
	: "After a little reading on yelp, I decided to treat my boyfriend to a nice brunch at HT. Our usual Brunch place is at Veggie Planet in Harvard Square, but after finding out that HT offers local, organic products (so does veggie planet) I thought it best to give it a try. \nOut experience was very comfortable. We arrived around 10:20 (we did cut it a little close, breakfast ends at 10:30 and they close the kitchen to prepare for the Brunch buffet at noon) The hostess was very nice and allowed us to sit and eat even though it was past 10:30 by the time we were being seated. There were about 4 parties in front of us and the line went quickly.\nWhen we sat we were greeted by our server within a few minutes and offered hot coffe or freshly squeeze orange juice (It was amazing! ). Within 5 mintues we ordered the fruit plate (9$) and each an omlette (9$ each)\nOur fruit plate came out quickly. It was nicely arranged: pineapple, concord grapes, grape fruit, oranges, melon (2 kinds), strawberries, blueberries and a few others. Everything looked beautiful! Each bite was favorful and fresh. I have never tasted a fruit plate like that. Each fruit tasted just like it should, everything was perfectly ripe. \nAfter enjoying our fresh fruit out omlettes came out. They were very large, fluffy, and moist. I belive they were cooked in the oven, which I've never tried. Very tasty! The cheese was fresh, the veggies were abundent! At least 2 oz of spinch in each! The hasbrowns/homefries were to die for! Part buttery, with a crispy bottom. My boyfriend got a tasty peice of fresh pumpkin bread that had butter on the side. I opted for a grilled english muffin, not greasy at all, a perfect crunch to each peice. There was 3 kinds of fresh perserves offered on the table, but we were so excited we forgot to try them. Our waiter did tend to dissapear for a bit, we waited for our check for about 10 mintues. Someone else brought out our food. Although, he was very friendly and curtious, and our water glasses were never empty I can't complain.\nThe total came to about 42$ which is double the price of usually what we get at veggie planet.  I would come here maybe once every couple of months. In total I dropped 50$ which is what I usualy spend on a night at our favorite sushi place, but I can't complain. The food was amazing! Through and through. I'm contempating coming here for a nice dinner."
	: "This place has domino's quality pizza but charges the same amount of money as much better pizza places. Go anywhere else. Nice Slice, Antonio's, Fellini's. Or just hang out at home and order some Dominos if that's what you're into and spend half the money."
	: "If the Wu-Tang clan or Akon were to be serving me these bite sized treats I would have probably been more impressed.\n\nReplacing the old Beard Papa, C.R.E.A.M. (Cookies Rule Everything Around Me) a play on the classic Wu-Tang song offers your choice of cold crispy cookies or hot and moist ones with your choice of ice cream flavors.\nFor this particular visit, considering they ran out of white chocolate chip macademia I opted for the following order:\n\n-1 pair of Peanut Butter Cookies sandwiching some Vanilla Bean ice cream.\n\nJust like Chunk n Chip Truck (Fullerton, CA) and Diddy Riese (Los Angeles, CA). They used one of the local Ice Creameries (Double Rainbow) as their provided source for the filling of these sandwiches. The peanut butter, was a bit stale. Whereas the vanilla bean was smooth but didn't get enough accent in the vanilla. Customer service was friendly but a bit slow (waited for 20 minutes until I got to order). For $3.00 this is probably a good dessert alternative to the pricey Kingpin Donuts, but it wasn't enough for me to want to come back for more, before I left the Bay Area. 3 stars, no more or less."
	: "I have never written a review before, for any restaurant, but decided to after our experience last night. We have been going to The Clay Pit pretty regularly for the last couple of years. The food is always wonderful. The other consistent thing we could always count on was the service, or lack there of. For some reason, we never get good table service when we dine there. That is, until last night. Derek, our waiter was exceptional. It was with a doubt one of the best experiences we have ever had. He was beyond attentive, timely, and charming."
	: "Dr. Angelos has a very high skill level and a supportive style.  Office vibe exudes professionalism and understated elegance.  Dr. Angelos has amazing competence and a gentle touch.  Very supportive, kind, gentle,  and highly, highly skilled.\n\nOffice is clean.  Staff is helpful and efficient.  The dental hygienists are thoughtful and highly trained.  Dr. Angelos carefully inspects the work of all hygienists.  Nice location on Green Street.  Highly recommended."
	: "It's starbucks, and it's very busy. I usually come here because it's convenient on the way to the bus stop, and their coffee isn't too bad. The service is so slow, but it's a popular location, so I guess I can't blame them. Moderately priced and decent service"
	: "In the New York Times feature on Seattle and its teriyaki, the Times specifically called out Tokyo Garden for serving momos.  Curiosity required me to try an order, so I did.  In this case, a momo is a steamed dumpling not unlike other Asian steamed dumplings.  The meat momo is full of \"meat\" (they don't say, but I think it was pork and/or lamb), vegetables, and some low-key spices.  Were the momos any good?  Sort of: the flavors were on the mild side, but the dish was reasonably satisfying.  The sauce served with the dumplings was mostly forgettable.\n\nThis is still a teriyaki joint, of course, so the plate of momos also included a cabbage and lettuce salad.  As far as teriyaki joint salads go, it was pretty good.\n\nTokyo Garden doesn't have any windows in the main restaurant area.  The mirrors try to make up for this, but the end result is decidedly cave-like.  That being said, it isn't as though anyone goes to the Ave looking for ambiance.  They deliver exactly as much of it as you'd expect.\n\nTokyo Garden isn't really worth a special trip just to get a momo, especially given that there's a full-fledged Himalayan restaurant in Ravenna, but it is an interesting diversion for the Ave.  You should at least consider giving it a try if you're walking down the Ave and hunger requires you to stop somewhere."
	: "My family and I enjoyed our time here, but the aquarium in Virginia Beach, VA (my hometown) is MUCH better. Birch was very small, and I was very disappointed in the shark exhibit. The one in VA is HUGE. Not to mention two separate buildings that are connected by a huge trail through the woods. My favorite part of the Birch aquarium was the view from the outside tidepool exhibit, and seeing my daughter have a great time at the outside activities that seemed it was more for kids."
	: "This place rocks.  Don't leave without getting the Notorious P-I-G, Baby!!!"
	: "Fifteen of my coworkers and I descended upon the new Han Dynasty location for lunch on the Friday before Memorial Day weekend. The place was about half-full; we only had to wait a few minutes for the servers to push some tables together for our group. We had no reservation, but they treated us like VIPs, anyway.\n\nI was finally able to try the Dan Dan noodles because we split two bowls around the table. I would highly recommend trying that. They were happy to hold the pork from one of the bowls, for the vegetarians among us, and the noodles were quite tasty and spicy on their own. I also sampled the spicy crispy cucumbers (great), the scallion pancake (fantastic, but still not as good as my Chinese friend's dad makes them), and the lunch portion of the bok choy with a delightful chewy mushroom. It's nice that you can get most of the entrees as lunch portions for a fraction of the price at the lunch hour. I'm thrilled that we have such a fantastic Chinese option in University City!"
	: "Figure out what you want done, how your going to say i,t and say no more. He did a great job fixing my boots, in fact he's the only one I trust to touch my shoes. Oh and when he says be back in an hour, be on time. I got a frowny face when I showed up a half an hour late. (got hungry and stopped for a bite to eat in the village) But im def pleased with his work."
	: "A wonderful, calm atmosphere, good food and good drinks, and great service are all things to describe this restaurant/bar. It is moderately price (about the price of your average bar) and it is a great place to go if you are looking for a somewhat silent, calm evening out drinking with friends. It is directly over the bridge in downtown Lafayette, so walking from Purdue's campus isn't terrible. There is outside seating in the warmer weather and oftentimes there will be live performances in the outside area. The d\u00e9cor is very lodge-like, i.e., there are lots of animal heads on the walls, which makes for an interesting experience. They have a decent selection of beers as well as the usual mixed drinks and cocktails. Their menu is large and the portions are definitely enough to cure anyone's hunger. As I previously mentioned, Sgt Preston's is a great place for someone wanting to relax, watch a game, and converse with friends."
	: "Burgers were mediocre and priced on the expensive side. Service is good though. \n\nKid and pet-friendly place And it's next to Bloomingdales!  :)"
	: "Flavorless. Better than Nit Noi is about all the positive that can be said."
	: "I LOVE LOVE LOVE this place!  It does not get any better than this: fresh, delicious cookies, very generously sized ice cream sandwich, and cheap!!  I wish I could give above and beyond 5 stars."
	: "This place is ok. Perhaps I shouldn't write a review when I have such a vanilla opinion of the place, but that in itself is an opinion. McFadden's is fine for an evening out. There's a good amount of bar space, some dancing room, and nearby reasonable parking. The area can seem a bit shady after dark, but there are usually enough people around. I'm pretty sure they serve food earlier in the evening, but I've never tried any."
	: "The most important thing about this place is there is nothing over $5.  The burger Platter come with fries and their Gyros aren't bad at all.  I even liked their grilled chesses sandwich. Best of all, they deliver fast and free. Just promise me you will stay away from their pizza.  Overall good service and diner atmosphere."
	: "This place was recommended by a real carolinian, and he was not wrong. We had breakfast here (brunch, really) and it was good. Generally, diner food is greasy enough that my stomach roils afterwards (although it doesn't stop me). Here, though, even the order of corned beef hash was almost...fluffy instead of being soaked through with oil. \nThe french toast was also good-- they used a baguette as the base, and it was really light and soft. \nThe coffee wasn't anything to write home about, but it was refilled enough times to keep me happy. I will definitely be coming back for non-greasy diner food."
	: "Kind of a hit or miss... Some of the food is pretty good though. Last time I went I was truly happy with the cajan fried catfish... although some of their dishes have been too heavy or processed flavors. The chips and salsa are mediocre and the margaritas are good but overrated. Despite my bickering, this is a pretty good place everyone should try... If you like a little cajan spice, try something off the texican menu... The food prices are very reasonable, and the service is usually pretty good (fast). Anyhow, make a run for the taco bell and try the border."
	: "If I could give this place zero stars, I would. I have eaten there twice, once because it was across the street from my then-office and I needed lunch, and once because we were on the way to a football game and needed some dinner.\n\nBoth times the food was mediocre, at best. This place must only stay in business because of college kids who need a 24-hour place within stumbling distance.\n\nThe worst part, though, was the service the second, and last, time I ate there. We were seated for at least 15 minutes before the server even acknowledged our presence. Our drinks arrived a few minutes later, but no one came to take our order for another 15 minutes. Knowing that the first time I'd eaten here, I hadn't enjoyed my food that much, I asked the waiter what the specialties of the house were. He couldn't tell me. He asked me what I liked. I said, \"I like food that tastes good.\" I don't even remember what he said after that, but I didn't get a recommendation. I ended up just picking something. \n\nAfter waiting another half hour for our food to arrive, a woman, who I can only guess was the manager/owner, told our server to check on our orders as tables of folks who came in at at the same time and after us had already finished their meals. The server ascertained that our order was not in the queue and assured us that he had told them what to prepare, and the kitchen was making it.\n\nEventually we got our food, and it was, as previously mentioned, nothing to write home about. I can safely say that my sandwich was among the worst sandwiches I've ever paid for, and the fries that came with it were limp, lifeless and...kind of cold. This after we'd been sitting there for at least an hour total. \n\nAfter we'd finished eating, we waited and waited, and had to ask for our check, twice. And then my dining companion had to stand up at the cash register to finally get the bill paid. I'd feel for the server if he had several big parties or something, but there really weren't that many people there.\n\nIf the food or the service had been stellar, I would have said that the City Cafe is a respectable establishment for what it is, but it was just a horrible dining experience all around. At least they serve Newcastle."
	: "Went there with high expectations based on some of the reviews I've read, but sadly it was disappointing.  From the outside, it looks quite charming, but once you get inside you have the choice between an overly bright large dining room or the smaller bar area to the right.  We chose to dine in the smaller area over the main dining room which was fine except I felt the decor could use some updating.  \n\nService was very good and the staff were friendly, but the food was just average.  My partner said he could taste that his fish had been frozen and for the expense of the meal, I thought that was pretty unacceptable.  We also had quite different dishes, but received the exact same side dishes which didn't complement either meal well.  Overall, we left pretty dissatisfied.  To charge the prices they are charging, they need to drastically improve the quality."
	: "Dinner before a show at the Fox.  Quite a walk by the way.  Be sure you have comfy shoes.  Our server was very good, suggested a great wine that fit our taste.  Other than that nothing was really very good.  My date thought the bread was best and I liked the side of braised greens the best.  The meatballs were good ( an appetizer).  The salad was ok, the pork chops were dry and the sauce and other ingredients with it did not complement each other.  The mushroom pasta was not very good.  We will not be back.  Try 4th and Swift!"
	: "They get one star because the food was good, and one star because i like crepes. But I surely won't be coming back here again. \n\nThis place was way too small and crowded. People were crammed in here and there were not enough chairs inside and out. They use plasticware and paper plates which is very unfriendly to the environment. \n\nThe people inside were generally annoying. One college girl snatched my chair without even asking if I was using it. \n\n\n\nBut the worst experience was that I'm SURE that I handed the cashier a $20 bill to pay for my crepe. The cashier claimed that I gave her a $10 bill, and only gave me $4 in change. I was extremely mad, but because I'm a wimp and there was a line behind me, I decided not to escalate into a full fight."
	: "When I first started going to UCLA, this is one of the first restaurants I ever went to and I must say, I am glad I tried other places. I tried their beef noodles, and the Noodle Planet Pho which is a thai-influenced pho that is sour and has pepper flakes. The beef noodles were oddly sweet, I am used a mild sweetness balanced with the beefy savoriness in Thai beef noodles, but this was sweeter than a typical bowl of noodles should have been. The Noodle Planet Pho was an interesting take on pho, but it was soo full of msg I had to drink three glasses of water from being so thirsty. The place is cheap so I understand why people come here and they are open pretty late. Perfect for us college kids, but the food is lacking."
	: "I have so many fond memories of Rendez-Vous.  It's an awesome spot to stop for some lunch...the wraps are amazing, or for some dessert-type fare...I'm a sucker for nutella anything.  Also, absolutely LOVE the rooftop porch in the summertime, great spot to smoke a hookah and relax with friends.  This is the way cafes are meant to be!"
	: "Great tasting BBQ. Brisket is amazing, with the Peach BBQ sauce. The ribs are perfectly cooked, with meat falling almost falling off the bones."
	: "The Canopy, like many others have stated, is a decent place to see a live band in Urbana. It looks kind of old and grungy, but it's an okay place. Piano Man, a favorite event there, is one good reason to go. They also have other events throughout the year."
	: "I live around the corner from this place and have only been a handful of times, but that was my mistake. \n\nLast week I had an awesome dinner while sitting at the bar and making my way through the list of exotic beer taps. \n\nHere's what I love about 1018 aside from the sophisticated and friendly vibe and big open windows: The owner is anal about serving organic, fresh products and that's good. \n\nRumor has it that he's working on a rootop garden and within one year plans to grow all his vegetables on the premises. \n\nWith my newfound appreciation for salads (yes, salads!) and healthy food, Bistro 1018 is definitely going to be a common stop for this cowboy."
	: "Fantastic work.  I had a bridesmaid gown & 2 pairs of jeans altered, each one came back looking great.  Also, I came in a week before I needed it all done, this was a stretch for them, but the woman I dealt with took a deep breath & agreed to have it done.  My items were even done a little early.  I will definitely come back!"
	: "Best all-over Indian grocery in and around town that I've been able to find. They have an extensive section of fruits and vegetables that are hard to find in other grocery shops, a whole wall of freezers packed with a plethora of foods, and aisles of various dry goods. There is also an aisle endcap that houses a large amount of Indian desserts. As previously mentioned by other writers, parking can be tricky at times at this busy intersection.\n\nAdditionally, this shop has a hot food bar, where the items are supplied from India Garden restaurant. Food is spiced decently--about or just below medium I think. There are consistently 2 meat entrees and 4 veg entrees as well as rice. It is the cheapest meal in town that you can get, coming in at $3.99/lb. Samosas are also available for about $1."
	: "It is true what everyone says about the time it takes to get your food. But the food is delicious, and I think it is worth it - just bring your study stuff or enjoy conversation with the person you are with. Really really fun, amazing food. I'm craving it right now!!!! Kind of pricey, so I couldn't eat here everyday. *Sadness* But I would want to. They have really good mixed fresh juices as well. OMG. love."
	: "Wow.\n\nLike, WOW.\n\nWho woulda thunk that in the middle of Houston (!!) there is amazing Thai food?  Coming from San Francisco, with the plethora of Thai, Asian, Asian-fusion places, I didn't expect much.  \n\nBut - WOW.\n\nWe had the eggplant basil and pad pet with tofu (e08).  Outstanding flavors - both were spicier than I expected (a nice surprise - glad it wasn't toned down for the local palate), and absolutely delicious.  The eggplant was very well done - tender, not greasy, nicely flavored, while the tofu had a bold, intense curry with complex flavors.\n\nThis place would easily hold its own on the culinary scene in San Francisco.  \n\nWOW!"
	: "They offer a buffet with pizza, salad, pasta, and desert. Soft drinks, with refill, are included. Plenty of pizza choices on the buffet. I did not find the pizza stale of left out when I went there.  People were eating them too fast for them to be anything but fresh. I think it really depends on the time of day you visit, for what you will find.  IF it is at Lunch or Dinner, then it will be fresh.\n\nIf you don't care for the buffet, order a whole pizza to go or eat in. Not the best pizza in the Bay Area, but it is really good and filling and made fresh. It is a good choice for a fairly quick meal in the UC Berkeley area."
	: "This is a nice Peets to go to for relaxation; I don't usually get much done here, however.  The outdoor seating is awesome because you can kick back and gaze at Mount Wilson while you sip your brew.  One of the highlights is definitely their employee \"Brother Bear\" who calls all his regulars \"brother\" or \"sister\" and converses with them as if they were old buddies.\n\nAs for their baristas, they are good.  Nothing spectacular like I've experienced up in Oakland (Temescal location on Telegraph Blvd) but they have never ruined my drink either."
	: "Great service! Waitresses were very friendly and we got a complimentary Miso soup. One of my favorite rolls is the Red Dragon Roll! It tastes great but besides that, all the rolls we ordered weren't very filling for the price we paid. I liked the hand rolls deal they're having (2 for 6): I recommend the spicy tuna one."
	: "The atmosphere at this restaurant is just horrible.  The food is not bad, but is absolutely not worth the lines, crowds, and generally unclean, dingy environment.\n\nI have been here twice (I don't know why I went back the second time) and both times I have had to sit near a large table full of at least 15 tweens who were loud and obnoxious.  Loud and obnoxious is basically the environment at this restaurant.  \n\nI have never had the urge to drop a $20 on the table to cover drinks and just walk out of a restaurant until my second trip to this dump.  My party of four had to sit at a table near the sauce station.  The extremely slow moving line and traffic from the sauce station basically had our dirty table surrounded by people on both sides.  It just isn't pleasant to try and eat with your face sitting at butt-level with a bunch of people who for some reason find the lines and crowds acceptable.  \n\nOn this same trip we decided to leave after having a salad.  The line was just horrendous.  The salad items are the same items you put in your food -- so I sat about 5 minutes waiting to get to the cucumbers -- which were just five feed down the line from where I was standing.  After that wait, and seeing the line grow just to get to the first stage of items to put in our bowls, we decided it wasn't worth the wait.\n\nI am not typically picky about food or the atmosphere of restaurants.  But I will never go to this place again and I encourage you to not go to this restaurant.  If you are a tween going out with 20 of your best seventh grade friends, then have at it.  If you are above the age of 18 you will probably not enjoy your time here, especially if it is busy.  The layout of the restaurant is just not designed for the kind of crowds that come here on a weekend night. \n\nI have been to a number of Mongolian barbeque style restaurants, but none as bad as this.  You have to wait in line to get in, wait in line to fill your bowl with food, and then continue to wait in line to get a spot at the grill so somebody can cook it in front of you while you stand around and wait.  \n\nPlease do all of us a favor and don't give this place any more business.   They are taking up valuable space in Harvard Square that a more worthy Mongolian Barbeque could better fill"
	: "I love the Botanical Gardens. They are probably one of the only places where you can go and feel like you live in a city that has plants and greenery. The turtles that wander throughout are all non-native -- they were previous pets that people chose to release in the little river that runs through the gardens, and the tiny waterfall in the corner of the Gardens is ideal for pictures. \n\nIf you walk far enough into the gardens, you'll find a bench that is conveniently located on a little slope/hill thing. It's really good for thinking, and overlooks quite a few historic trees and plants. It's hard to get mad at nature, but it's really easy to think about a lot of things when there aren't that many people around you. The gardens are rarely crowded, if ever at all. \n\nThe only downfall is that they close early."
	: "Best comedy in town! Granted, it's the only comedy stop I made while I was in Boston, but I\"m pretty sure no one could do it better.  This one is located in the attic of a Chinese restaurant and only 12$ to get in. BIG and LITTLE stars stand up here.  Don't miss this laugh a minute show in Harvard Square."
	: "Um... yeah.  When I first started working in Kendall Square, I was fascinated by this place.  \n\n\"Ooh!  There's a food court near my job, and I can go there and get lunch!  This is the greatest thing ever!  They've got Chinese!  And Sbarro!  And a place where I can make my own sandwiches!  Yaaay!\"\n\nWhat this really meant was that I needed to get out more. That accomplished, I now don't have these feelings towards the Food Court.\n\nThe options here are interesting.  There's an ABP (but there's a larger one basically across the street), a make your own sandwich place, a Sbarro, a Chinese place, and a teriyaki place that also makes hamburgers.  Really, the teriyaki place is probably the most remarkable of these, because the burger/fries option isn't too bad.\n\nBeyond that, it's a panoply of foods you could either make at home, get over at the MIT Trucks for less, or avoid altogether (that's you, Sbarro).  So, if you like burgers, they aren't terrible, but I wouldn't go out of your way for it."
	: "I think this is a first of it's kind of truck?  Please excuse me if I'm wrong.  But this was a great idea to nab a restaurant on wheels and serve up tasty, sweet, succulent lobster out of the back.  I got the Lobster Roll (of course!) and it was decently priced, although I wouldn't spend that much on lunch everyday.\n\nMy friend and I had downed our lobster rolls before our third friend had ordered and recieved their food from the neighboring food truck.   It was that GOOD!"
	: "Went here because my brother-in-law and his fiancee were treating us and they like this place and so we followed. Here's my visit. \n\nAmbiance: I learned from my future sister-in-law that the restaurant is owned by members of a local Reggae band and so hearing reggae music being played all night and seeing colorful artwork and tables throughout the place didn't throw me off. Yes, the decor and feeling of the place didn't really fit with the more upscale food and plates they are trying to produce, but it was relaxing enough and I didn't mind the contrast. \n\nService: There was one bar tender and one server. Both did their jobs and payed enough attention to the house and their guests. There were a few times I wanted more water or a drink refill or dirty dishes cleared but for the most part our server was fine. \n\nFood: I'm quite surprised with a lot of the negative reviews written about the food. Most low star entries talk about the blandness of the food and I found that to be far from the truth.\n\nKangeroo dip: Cheesy, gooey, creamy, delicious dip accompenied by well seasoned what seemd to be homemade tortilla chips. The portion is a humble one so our table of five could have used a second round but it nonetheless was a nice start to our meal.\n\nBasket O' Fries: Double fried french fries with three dips to choose from. An obvious nod to Belgian style fries and I was very happy with them. Even though I thought the ingredients listed in the description came already on top of the fries, I had fun alternating between the tasty side dips and enjoyed the texture of the somewhat smoky tasting fresh cut fries. Good stuff. The curry dip was my favorite but the chil mayo and garlic aioli were nice as well.\n\nBuffalo Whole Chicken Wings with Blue Cheese: A good wing with a good blue cheese for dipping. Not reinventing the wheel here. Just a nice buffalo wing. They do give you the whole wing so some tearing and pulling is called for which I'm not a fan of but not a big deal and nothing that will ruin the dish.\n\nBaltimore Whole Chicken Wings with Ranch: This wing was different and delicious. The old bay seasoning was all over the chicken giving it a dry rub texture and feel. The taste is tangy with a little kick that goes great with the juicy chicken and creamy ranch. A delicious treat. This is the type of wing to get and I will certainly be getting them again in the future.\n\nBeet and Goat Cheese Flat Bread PIzza: Didn't have a bite of this one but my wife enjoyed it so much she didn't even offer.\n\nFish & Chips: Took a bite of my brother-in-law's fish and it was nice. Good texture and flavor. The fish is a whole fillet on the plate so the presentation was impressive. Not sure if I would personally spend $17.50 for fried fish not mattering the quality though.\n\nDrinks: Their drink list is impressive and shows off a lot of local beer but also beers from micro brews around the country. My first drink was Ithaca Beer Co.'s Cascazilla. A real nice hearty, sort of sweet, hoppy red ale. Several levels of flavor and it helped me forget the poor showings from Scale House I experienced the day before. For my second drink I wanted the Mad Elf but much like any restaurant with a large drink list there is a high chance things may be sold out and that was the case with this one. Instead I followed my Northwest roots and got a Red Hook Wit. A belgian style beer that was light and refreshing with hints of ginger. It was very tasty and I also liked the more stout looking bottle the beer came in. It's nice to see Seattle being represented in the beer list and Northstar choose a good one to do so. \n\nLast thoughts: Really this place is a winner. With great food and good drinks there's little I would want more. Sure the feel of the place is somewhat off and the service wasn't spectacular but that can't stop the fact that I enjoyed myself very much and would for certain would come back here. I'm already planning on treating my brother-in-law and his fiancee to a Northstar meal the next time I'm back in town."
	: "I like this theater a lot- but there ARE a few things I'm not a fan of.\n\nCons:\n- Some screens don't actually have stadium seating. This was really annoying when I went to an extremely crowded showing of a movie and was stuck behind an enormously tall man.\n- Buying tickets from the outside booth can sometimes suck a ton. In the winter, especially while waiting for the midnight showing of Rocky Horror, the line is LONG and the clothing is skimpy, thus rendering me into a shivering, sniffly mess of a girl. I know that this is part of the whole Rocky experience, but sometimes, I a girl just wants to be warm.\n\nPros:\n- Close to things, like CVS, to buy candy and other reasonably priced movie snacks.\n- Attentive staff. A couple sat in the back row of a theater I was in and were making ridiculous amounts of noise. Stomping and jiggling their feet so that I (sitting rows and rows in front of them) could feel it through the floor., talking loudly, snorting/hacking, yelling at each other, etc. The person sitting directly behind me got an attendant to alleviate the situation. The attendant came in, escorted the couple out when they threatened him, and made for a much more satisfactory experience. He did this all without totally disturbing the rest of the audience's viewing of the show. Kudos to him!\n- Rocky Horror showings. And watching my friend go through a series of rigorous virgin tests..."
	: "This shop is fantastic! It's a tiiiiny little shop filled to the brim with vintage treasure. Everything is in fantastic condition, clean (no musty weird smells or mysterious stains). I felt like I was browsing through a closet, the pieces were so well-chosen. The owner is sweet as pie, as was her huge puppy that was wandering the store. The prices here are a little steep, but they're worth it. The owner knows her stuff, and knows what the items are worth, so you won't be walking away with a \"steal\" like you might at other places. However, you'll walk away with something worth what you paid, and know it's going to last.\n\nWhen I was in, she was even offering to alter a swimsuit another customer was trying on. I don't know if this is normal or if it was a regular client or a friend, but it was still pretty rad to witness that level of service. I can't wait to go back next time I'm in that area!"
	: "I love this place! The falafel sandwich is really good. They are pretty slow, though, especially during the lunch rush. I also do not care for the gourmet garlic sauce."
	: "Good food and great location.  I really enjoyed the Princeton athletic attire around the restaurant.  I came on a Sunday night, but looking from the walls of the bar area, there are some great specials on Tuesday or Monday nights!  Nothing AMAZING, but this is a great place to sit down and have dinner!"
	: "Excellent spot for music.  Round the corner, the sister video store is cool.  I think it's called Cinema Paradiso.  I give this 4 instead of 5 b/c their selection doesn't hang w/ Amoeba."
	: "For 4 years I hopped between optometrist, looking for the one who is a perfect fit (ha) for my windows to my soul. EyeQ got two visits out of me. I saw Dr. David Luria during both trips.\n\nBack in 2004 I was an contact-lens-only wearer. Things went well - appointment, exam, payment. If you wear contacts, you know that in order to purchase lenses with other vendors, you have to submit numbers like lens power, base curve, etc. As I paid, I noticed that the numbers were different on two separate documents they handed me - both written by Dr. Luria. I pointed this out, and one of them said:\n\n\"Oh, don't worry about it -- here I'll just fix that,\" \n\nand randomly grabbed one form to change the numbers to match. To this day I don't know if he picked the right one. No one called for Dr. Luria; didn't seem like they cared, either. \n\nIn 2007, I returned, after trying a couple of other doctors in the area and not feeling the right vibe. Despite the above, I remembered that the EyeQ guys were extremely nice, so I decided to give them another try. I had also finally decided to get a pair of glasses, and these folks were notorious for having interesting frames that didn't make you look like a Level 56 Nerd. So I walked in on the day of my appointment:\n\nCounter folks: \".... hug everyone!\"\nMe: \"Mm? You guys giving out free hugs?\"\nCounter folk: \"Um. SURE!\"\n*HUGS*\n\nSo by now I was thinking, aw, I'm home. I then said, \"I'm looking for glasses that, how do I say this, uh, NOT make me look even more Asian.\"\n\nAnd they totally got it. So some pairs were tried and I found my glasses, which I like (don't love - but like enough to wear, which is quite an accomplishment) to this day.\n\nGoing well so far! Next: appointment w/ Dr. Luria. He performed a few tests, and said he would like a follow-up test in a couple of weeks, that he was concerned about one of the test results. We scheduled that. \n\nTwo weeks later, we did the test again. \n\n\"Looks great! Results are much better. There is one more thing,\" and he went to put some eye drops in my eyes for reasons I can't recall. At which point he stopped short and said, looking a bit startled,\n\n\"Oh. Did you have contact lenses in during that whole test?\" (The test two weeks ago was sans lenses. I considered bringing this up, but decided he was going to be staring at my eyeballs all through that test, therefore would see them, and deduced he wanted them to stay in.)\n\n\"Um, yes.\"\n\n\"Oh. Well, we should have taken them out for the test.\"\n\nNo mention of re-testing. I was given the eye drops, sent home. I never went back. \n\nSo, here's an OPTOMETRIST who FAILED TO SEE THAT I'M WEARING CONTACT LENSES THROUGH AN EYE EXAM. I don't even have a good metaphor for this to try and be funny about it. (Mechanic not seeing the car cover? Designer wondering why clothing fits funny when the model is already dressed?)\n\nEyeQ, you're hip and cool, your glasses are stylish, but you know, stylish glasses do jack sh-t if your eye exams FAIL. For those of you who took the time to read this mess of a post, I recommend using these guys as a frames shop only, for the sake of your vision. \n\n5 Stars for friendliness/great products, minus 3 for er.. failed optometricising."
	: "I had heard this place was started by the cafeteria chef at Google, and after last night, I can see the connection.  The food does remind me of cafeteria food, that is somewhat more inspired than say, a hospital.  The food is over-priced and does  not deliver.  I ordered a grilled crispy chicken salad that was supposed to come with butter lettuce, radicchio and blue cheese dressing, and bacon, in that order.  The radicchio was very much predominant, which made the whole thing very bitter and I was actually unable to eat it.  The blue cheese dressing was more aptly blue-cheese flavored dressing, at a stretch, since it was the consistency of non-fat milk, and there was not a speck of blue cheese to actually be seen, let alone a chunk.  It tasted like watered-down Wish Bone from a bottle.  When I told the waitress that the salad was actually awful, she argued, telling me that \"some people like it.\"  After she realized that I was not going to eat it, she offered to replace the radicchio with butter lettuce.  I should have held on to the chicken, which did initially live up to the description, crispy, thin sliced breast meat.  On the return, the chicken was underdone, in some places pink, so it was slimy.  \n\nMy son's meal, a vegetarian dish was as he described it, reminiscent of a cafeteria.  Or something that his roommate might have thought of and made as a thoughtful gesture.  The predominant ingredient was tofu, which was cooked to a rubbery consistency, so that it was difficult to cut or otherwise consume.  It was a large cube.  My husband's hamburger was ok, but when we got the bill, it was nearly $100 for what was essentially snack food for three, no real entree with say a large cut of meat to justify that tab.  Our drinks were not to blame, two of us had house mineral water, and the third, a single beer.  \n\nIn terms of the atmosphere, it was very noisy.  Had I not known better, I might have thought that we stumbled into a party for some toddlers.  We were seated in what I called the kid section, the location in front of the kitchen where there are long tables, that were full of young, unhappy diners.  My guess is that they did not like the food either.  I have no problem with kids, but apparently Friday night is the night to go out with the family in Palo Alto. \n\nFinally, about the service, the waiters are friendly, though largely unskilled.  An example, all the appetizer plates were cleared before the duck dumplings were gone, and we had to protest that being taken away."
	: "Great place to grab a tasty lunch. And it's adorable too."
	: "this is def a 3.5 star spot. 4 stars for all the snacks, 3 for the entrees.\n\nsnacks - they are all really good and worthy of coming to eat alongside a few drinks and hanging out after work. this includes the smaller plates on the menu as well.\n\nmy pork entree was a bit dry and not extremely flavorful. however, dude to my right said the chicken entree with bacon was awesome and juicy, so it's quite possible that pork is not their core competency. \n\nfriendly service and good selection of cocktails. recommend u do this as a draps spot after work."
	: "Wow, Zebra is one of the only spots I used to go to to get my piercings and I am shocked of some of the reviews. I had both my eye brows, septum, and both ears done at Zebra. Overall its a nice little shop that charges a fair amount for both piercings and jewelry. \n\nNever once did one of my piercings get infected. They seem to run a fairly decent business with clean tools and cool employees. Overall I'd say its an average shop that very well known and respected."
	: "They style themselves an upscale bakery, but Panera Bread is really just a soup, salad, and sandwich eatery with counter service. The food's not bad, but the slim portions, high prices, and general air of confusion behind the counter make it tough to justify a return visit. I've written more at 14850 Dining.\n\nhttp://dining.14850.com/directory/panera"
	: "Maybe I came on an off day, because I don't see why everyone's raving about this place. I know they've been around since 1965, but the doughnut I tried tasted as if it had been sitting there since 1965. Then again, if you're a UCLA student, you probably have the munchies so anything tastes good. If you want a really good doughnut, try Bob's at the Farmer's Market near the Grove."
	: "alot of creepy people hang out here and they never have what I need."
	: "I'm from Korea and there are a lot of places like this where they serve Korean noodles, fried rices, and other dishes\n\nprolly the comparion is not fair, but everything's kinda pricy compared to similar restaurants back in korea\nbut i guess its reasonable for Berkeley\n\nfood is pretty good although i wish the portion is bigger since i eat a lot :p\n\nand there are only about 6 seats so it is likely that you will have to sit outside."
	: "I love Southern food and soul food, and the idea of a higher-end Southern food place made me a tad uneasy. Nevertheless, I heard about this place on an airline magazine and was excited to try it.\n\nI think all my fears were proven true, however. The portions were tiny (heaping portions are essential in Southern cooking imo), the ambience was nice but way too classy, and the collard greens were undercooked and overwhelmingly salty. The menu selection was also extremely limited.\n\nI guess mostly, for the price, I was a little mad. It wasn't terribly innovative. Tupelo down the street is much better (less expensive, larger portions, more extensive menu, bolder flavors), and Redbones does all that this place does and more."
	: "Very good pizza, if slightly expensive.  My only complaint is that they make their crust a little too salty, but that's just me."
	: "Get the kale n' cuke lemonade! I've been craving it since!\n\nCame here for a late dinner on a Tuesday night. I love vegan food, but there was something a little bit off about the food here - it felt kind of bland and uninspired, even though tastewise, the food was decent. The portions are very generous but the food is just kind of boring (albeit filling). \n\nThe chopped vegetable salad falls into this boring category... it was fresh and healthy but just had chopped carrots, peas, peppers, and tomatoes. At least the avocado was somewhat redemptive.\n\nThe TV dinner is an attempt at comfort food - the whole dish looked pretty unappetizing, and though the tempeh loaf turned out to be pretty tasty, it wasn't particularly impressive.\n\nIf anything, the macro plate / real food bargain was probably the best dish, and I would definitely order it again. It's a HUGE portion of food that could be split between two not-totally-starving people. It includes a pretty decent vegetable miso soup, corn bread with tahini miso spread (the cornbread was hearty but a bit on the drier side - also different from conventional cornbread in that it's made of brown rice), as well as a huge plate brown rice, arame seaweed (so good), steamed veggies (boring but then again they're veggies), garbanzo beans, a delicious cabbage salad (somewhere between cole slaw and sauerkraut), and pickled beets! A lot of good flavors, a lot of healthy ingredients, and more than enough food to go around! I did like that there were so many choices for dressings and ALL of them were very good (I liked the cilantro lime and the Thai peanut a lot). \n\nThe service was a bit slow and disorganized, but at least our waitress was nice and acommodating. Given the number of vegan-friendly places in LA, I'm not sure I would come here again, but the food was pretty decent and fresh. Conclusion: this place is good for a healthy and clean meal, but it might not blow your socks off. If you go, get the Real Food Bargain and the lemonade!\n\n(On a side note, we had a strange experience while dining - three elderly people seated nearby us came to our table, started commenting on our food, and then asked if they could take pictures of our food... we said yes, mainly because it would have been difficult to say no - but it was strange and a bit annoying to say the least!)"
	: "Pork belly n kimchi on a Portugese sweet role? Sign me the fuck up. For only $3 it may be the best value in food. The sweet fries are amazing and the dumplings are some of the best I've ever had. Need to go back and try more of the menu. I'm 100% positive it's all incredible. Follow @MamaKimsKbbq on twitter, find out where she's at, and eat the shit out of this place. \n\n    Just had the spicy fried chicken. Amazing. Ill have dreams about this shit."
	: "I've had food from here so many times in the last few years-- time to give Hummus some Yelp love. I'm sitting at the counter just inside the store right now, enjoying a stellar grilled veggie platter. Everything in front of me is so, SO on point. Perfect tabouli-- the bulgur still has some tooth and it's not drowning in lemon. Rice so fluffy and buttery I can't/don't want to stop shoveling it into my face. Crisp, spicy hot peppers and tart pickles. Fresh, well-seasoned veggies, warm whole wheat pita, and, of course, gorgeous, creamy hummus. I really could not ask for more out of this lunch. \n\nThis isn't just a fluke. Hummus delivers consistently fresh, solid food I can feel good about eating. And the service is AWESOME. Love this place and I'll keep coming back."
	: "One of the best and only real clubs in Collegetown (see Pixel...although I rarely see people dancing there and I think of Pixel as more of a lounge than Level B). Everything else? The pits (see review for Dino's or look up the Palms...ew). \n\nThis place is relatively clean, spacious, and usually plays decent music. Look, you're not going to get anything classier around here. A few things that have me coming back? Sufficiently stiff drinks. A good sized dance floor. Fishbowl night! Drink specials. Ample seating. It's dark (so you can almost imagine you're not in Ithaca, if you want!). \n\nSomething I hate? Sometimes there's a cover. A COVER? REALLY? In Ithaca? You've gotta be kidding me. I never go in at that time."
	: "The people at Veggie Heaven are very angry with the Chinese government.  It's written all over their menu.  Now I'm not really sure what it says, cause I can't read Asian, but people in the know have informed me that it's all just a big ruse.  Let me explain:\n\nWhile the Russians and United States poured all their resources into their nuclear and space programs in the 60's, Chinese scientists were hard at work developing and perfecting the greatest meat subsitute the world has ever known - Protein 2000 (the name of which, while dated now, probably sounded much cooler in the 60's...).  So while your parents were dropping LSD, they toiled away creating the fried vegetable protein that we know today.  But it wasn't until well into the 70's that they added the P2000 sauce, which it turns out is a by-product that resulted from one of the Chinese nuclear-physicists trying to synthesize liquid awesome.  \n\nThis all remained a big secret throughout the 80's, until one of the leading scientists on the project (and founding proprietor of Veggie Heaven) fled China to Texas with the schematics in hand, but not before changing the originals so that the P2000 secret would be lost to the Chinese forever.  Now the Chinese didn't like losing decades and billions of dollars worth of research, but what were they going to do?  Invade Texas?  However, in recent years, there have been talks of extradition, so the people at Veggie Heaven work hard to make sure that anti-Chinese-government sentiment remains high.\n\nBefore that comes to a head, I highly recommend that get your ass to The VH and try this stuff over a bed of rice and broccoli.  You've never eaten non-animal that tastes more like animal in your life.  And If you order it to-go, they fill up a separate Asian to-go thingy with each ingredient (the rice, broccoli, and P2000) - it's enough food for two people.\n\nEpilogue:  The Chinese government still hasn't recovered.  Case in point: they plan on landing a man on the moon in 2020.  Seriously guys?  Well when you get there, can you do us a little favor and clean up some of the trash we left?  BACK IN THE 1960's???"
	: "I got my first and only tattoo here.  They were friendly, professional and clean.  Although, I wanted color on my tattoo and they said it wouldn't work because of the size but other tattoo places that i have been exploring would have done the color.  But maybe they know what they are talking about.\n\nThe tattoo artist gave me clear instructions, was funny, and great!  (Kelli)"
	: "I brought my 8 year old daughter here for a very simple, straight across the back hair cut.  She sat in the chair for 1 1/2 hours!  I've never seen people in a salon move so slow.  Both my daughter and I were so frustrated when we left.  The cut is ok.  But the time it took to do it was just ridiculous."
	: "Outstanding quality buffet lunch. The buffet has three sides - sauces, main dishes, and desserts. The paneer is wonderful and not squishy. Their tikka masala sauce is fantastic. Everything was fresh and hot."
	: "Summary:  High-quality sandwiches.  Friendlier than the in-law who wants to borrow $1000 for his new start-up.\n\nJimmy John's is a franchise but they make a superior quality sandwich.  You have a choice of regular bread or french roll, and the ingredients are top-notch and come with super-fresh toppings.  They are incredibly fast--a lot of times I'll order the sandwich, pay, and by the time I've picked out the chips they have it ready.  This is the place to go if you are on a time limit at lunch.  Plus they are super friendly--you get a choir of welcomes the moment you step in the door.  The box lunch is an excellent value if you are catering a lunch.  I work in the Med Center and use them regularly for meetings."
	: "service was extremely slow, smaller portions.  pretty authentic, but wish the portions and food were faster.  perhaps i'm biased because i've been to better."
	: "After training at another local gym for about 4 years, I came to Redline a year ago looking to prepare myself to compete in kickboxing and MMA. The verdict: this place is f@cking awesome. In short: top quality instruction with dedicated classes in boxing, kickboxing, grappling, MMA, wrestling, and strength & conditioning; a great environment and convenient location; and highly competitive rates.  \n\nThe Redline instructors have an unbelievable amount of knowledge and experience, some with professional records that are so impressive they would be almost unbelievable if you haven't witnessed their skills in person. (check out their bio's on the website) But records alone do not make a good teacher, and fortunately, the staff at Redline are amazing instructors as well.  \n\nOne thing you definitely won't find at other gyms is the instruction in the Chinese styles of San Da and Shuai Jiao. The former is a kickboxing style that, despite being relatively unknown in America, is particularly well suited to MMA in part due to its inclusion of take-downs. The MMA instructors at Redline also integrate Shuai Jiao techniques with more traditional Brazilian Jiujitsu moves, resulting in a holistic grappling style that is not only better suited to the 'ground and pound' reality of MMA, but one that can also catch BJJ practitioners off guard in grappling tournaments.  \n\nThe gym is ego-free and even the most talented fighters and teachers are very humble. The atmosphere is respectful and collaborative, with more experienced students offering advice and tips, and everyone is open to try new ideas. Importantly, the facilities are super clean and there are also plenty of changing rooms and showers - not to mention weights, cardio equipment, heavy bags, and a boxing ring (and soon a partial cage).  Whether you're just looking to get in shape, or you're interested in fighting competitively, Redline is hands-down one of the best gyms in the area, and I would encourage anyone who is interested to come in for a trial class."
	: "Good, solid breakfast.  Very popular and touristy, but we still like going there.  Portions are enormous, breaks my heart to see all the food left on the tables - you can easily share.  Wish they had an option for real maple syrup (yes, I'm a syrup snob)."
	: "I was at Princeton University for a function and found my suit was stained .I went to Craft Cleaners and they not only fixed the stain but also gave it a quick pressing while I waited....\nGreat Service at a very fair price....\nWill use again...."
	: "I love to wrap presents almost as much as I like opening them and Flax is always first on my list when it comes to supplies.\n\nThis cute little store in Westwood is a hop skip and jump from Whole Foods. I know parking can be next to impossible in this area  but that is where  the Whole Foods parking lot comes into play:)\n\nFlax is spacious and is nicely laid out. I enjoy spending time in here and the salespeople leave you alone unless you ask them for their assistance.\n\nThey have a beautiful selection of pens, agendas, paper, ribbons and cards but their washi origami paper is what keeps me coming back!\n\nIf you enjoy gift wrapping or have a friend that truly appreciates a beautifully wrapped gift, come to Flax, you will not be disappointed!"
	: "I really enjoyed this place for lunch with a girlfriend...we were able to sit outside, the waiter was super friendly and helpful and we both enjoyed nice salads and a great lunch.\n\nI'm not as impressed with dinner and it's def not my scene late night....but they do seem to draw a pretty big bar crowd!\n\nEclectic, fresh and good food!"
	: "As a student at Johnson & Wales my professors have been raving about Gracies since my freshman year. I finally had the opportunity to go for my 21st birthday.\n\nThe service was amazing. My boyfriend and I were both offered a complementary class of cava in celebration of my birthday. We ordered the 5 course tasting and there was not a single item we didn't enjoy. Our server continuously checked in with us and was very knowledgeable about the plates and offered wine pairings as well. A great experience."
	: "Darn good breakfast food! And adorable atmosphere, definitely a unique place everyone should experience. The food is pretty heavy because, well, thats the point, so you usually leave feeling kinda tired and heavy but the flavors make it worth it. The french toast is something to die for, but basically everything is delish!"
	: "Good selection, prices are eh"
	: "First time at West Egg this past Sunday. We waited about 50 minutes or so. No problem for me...I realize this is Atlanta and there are 5 million people here. You most likely will have to wait for a table on a Friday or Saturday night or for brunch on the weekend. Get over it. Chill. Everyone is fighting for the same 25 tables. \n\nThe waitress was slow but very friendly. I didn't mind the slowness because her attitude rocked. I kinda liked the laid-back-ness of it.\n\nThe food was delicious. Poached egg done perfectly. I would slap my mama for the banana bread French toast. Wow! \n\nAll in all a great way to spend some time on a lazy Sunday."
	: "The second stop of my day of cupcaking was Kara's. The store was not far from Sprinkles and was easy enough to find. \n\nAgain we picked a few to sample from... Kara's karrot, banana, passion fruit and Meyer lemony lemon. My husband thought the presentation of Kara's cupcakes was better than Sprinkles but taste wise they are similar. Kara's is also moist and the frosting too sweet for our taste. My husband prefers Teacakes in Emeryville over both Kara's and Sprinkles. As for me? I'm cupcaked out."
	: "So far I've had the grape leaves entre (good, but for the super Real Deal, go to Mama Ayesha's near Adam's Morgan), a gyro, another entre I can't remember, and I shared a feast platter.  I enjoyed all of them.  Mosaic uses all the right spices in all the right places.  Tried the hookah once, too.  It was all right (smoking's not really my thing).  I plan on going back a few more times before I graduate in a few months.\nThe wait staff is very polite and attentive, as well.  It's nice to have a place like this in College Park!"
	: "My husband and I were in Pasadena looking for a good meal and we were pleasantly surprised with Noir Food & Wine.  We enjoyed their prix fixe supper which they have on Sunday's.  We prefer smaller portions because we enjoy sharing and tasting as much food as possible without getting stuffed.  What topped off this meal is the two glasses of wine offered with the supper.  We're definitely fans and definitely recommend to those who enjoy tasty small portions with good wine."
	: "I was torn between giving this particular Urban 3 or 4 stars. I think it deserves 3 for the selection, even though it's a two story store. They never have a decent selection of shoes (aside from ballet flats) and pretty much no home items. However! I do have to give them 4 stars because the staff is just wonderful. I do most of my Urban shopping online, but because their brands are each sized so differently (and, unfortunately, many things just don't look right on my body type), I end up returning or exchanging a lot of things to this store. They are always so nice and helpful. If I want to exchange an item for a different size and they don't have it (often the case since, as I said, selection isn't great) they call another store and have it mailed to my house, without charging for shipping! This is my favorite thing about shopping here, it's amazing how few stores will do this for you."
	: "Ordered 2 dozen the week before Christmas and could not have been happier! Jane herself drove all the way to northwest (very northwest) austin to deliver them. They were delicious and adorably packaged and just perfect.  Good Macarons are hard to come by in these parts so I was stoked to find someone who delivers them!"
	: "The concept is cool, but I found the choices overwhelming. I went with a margherita pizza with tartufo cheese, pappadew peppers, sausage, and pesto. Sounded good, but it was too cheesy, for the amount of sauce. The toppings were a bit sparse too. The ambiance is very casual college."
	: "Great location.  Rooms a bit small but honestly as much space as you need.  We had a spot in the back and didn't hear a peep the whole time.  Kind of old-timey, with charm.  Very organic and environmental-based.  The front desk clerks were really helpful over the phone and email, but a little preoccupied when we physically walked in and out; but they're likely students and probably doing homework- when we said hi they picked their heads up and were always very nice.  We would definitely come back."
	: "I like the location in Westwood by UCLA.  We sat in a small lounge area across from the bar.  I enjoyed the vibe, the decor, and the crowd.  Since we were in the bar area, our server was one of the bartenders and she didn't spend much time with us.  -1  The menu is extensive.  We got the jalapeno spicy tuna roll (yum! :) and the fire roll, both of which were good.  I heard that Happy Hour is good, so maybe I'll come back for that."
	: "This place is just INCREDIBLE. The amount of choices they offer will allow you to eat there 10 times and still never get to try everything they have. My boyfriend and I had the lamb dish and sampled  of their side dishes. The complexity of flavors in every dish is outstanding, and everything is cooked and seasoned absolutely perfectly.And sometimes it's the little things that stand out- like the pomegranate sweetened tea or the rose water unsweetened tea. WOW. Do yourself a favor and stop in- it'll become your favorite local spot."
	: "\"Move over In & Out!!!! This place will makes any burger, fries & shake lover fall in love!!!\""
	: "I saw the nurse practitioner, Jill Tracy.  Very nice!  Very fast!  Warm hands!  Need I say more?"
	: "Friendly staff, neighborhood atmosphere, and tasty food.  The Szechuan dishes are very spicy, but really delicious -- dun dun noodles, Suan Chow Show dumplings with bean spouts both excellent.  We also liked the Mongolian beef (arrived on a sizzling platter),  egg rolls (crisp and not at all greasy), and scallion pancakes."
	: "Excellent spot for secret dates. This central square establishment makes the most innovative-yet-reasonably priced drinks. The food is amazing as well, i was not terribly hungry so I ordered the side of braised kale (definitely an amazing veggie and prepared very well). The \"date\" had the mac'n'cheese and seemed pleased. \n\nAlways easy to get a table for dinner, a great dark ish bar to hide in, this restaurant serves an important niche in central square!"
	: "This is the best coffee you'll get in Ann Arbor. Its more of a take out joint because of its small location. I have ordered the Latte's twice and both times I wished they could have made it hotter even though I had specifically asked for extra-hot!"
	: "Great men's department.  Great woman's shoes department.  Great cosmetics department, only carry the high end brands.  Great child's department.  Great teens department.  Small but great luxury designers section.  Lacking in the work clothes through.  Everything is realistically priced.  Great place to go shopping with kids."
	: "Country Junction is a neighborhood breakfast joint/country cookin' diner, think Waffle House but locally owned. The reason to go here is that its totally cheap. Where else can you get breakfast for $3?\n\nIs it sort of grimey and slow..Yes. But it's also a nice place to escape the herd at Elmo's and Weaver St."
	: "Yes, it's beautiful. The location is unbeatable, overlooking the Rodin Sculpture gardens. \n\nThe food is just mediocre. This place gets a lot of hype for the location and the organic food but when it comes down to it, it's just not that tasty!"
	: "Incredibly tasty food.\n\nNo matter what I get here, it is delicious. Good lord. So tasty. It's not even particularly expensive.\n\nHowever, something is rotten in the state of Denmark... The host has always been rude (sometimes only hipster rude, other times raging D-bag rude), and the waiting staff has maxed out at average but normally is more mediocre.\n\nThe restaurant is small and cozy, and is a great place for a date. I hope your date has a sense of humor about the staff though (I'd suggest warning them ahead of time). Might I recommend making a drinking game out of the rudeness of the staff?\n\nOr order take out."
	: "Quickest passport processing ever!!!\n\nI have never gotten a passport processed so quickly in my whole life. If you need one, GO!"
	: "Been to Salts a couple of times and never been disappointed.\nIt's a fairly small location (just opposite to Craigie on Main) and makes for an intimate atmosphere. A little dark but comfy and quiet.\nThe food is always great and if you're planning to visit with 2 or more I highly recommend the duck for 2 (or more) , you just have to order it in advance.\nTheir tasting menu is very reasonable priced and a great choice.\nI am not the biggest dessert fan but their dessert are great too.\nThe wait staff is very friendly and always willing to help/make suggestions.\nProbably not the best place for a large group (6 or larger) but for small/medium a great spot."
	: "I have dined here twice now. Tried the lunch and dinner. The burger is on the lunch and dinner menu. It's good but Yeah burger is around the corner. At dinner I had a pappardelle with lamb ragu. Nicely executed. I would have liked a little more thickness to the pappardelle and I would have liked a little more! The menu is creative. Worth a re-visit every so often. Decor is okay. Parking is silly. Staff is zombie-like at times. Sometimes rude."
	: "The outdoor seating is the best of all the restaurants in the mall\nYellow Fever cocktail so good!\nLove the shrimp and Avocado rolls."
	: "The best thing about this place is the decor, it has an awesome feel inside, and even the staff is dressed up to fit in the theme! \n\nThe cocktails are great, and the food is pretty good but nothing I would call outstanding. This would be a great spot to take a date in my opinion."
	: "Great Food. And the best Tri-Tip ever!"
	: "They serve sushi and seem clean. That about sums it up. If you want sushi, this isn't a bad place, but it's nothing special either."
	: "Overall this restaurant is pretty good for burgers and fries.  The meat is flavorful and juicy and they have some interesting things on the menu, such as hummus and falafel plates, dolmas, persian burger, etc.   \n\nHowever, you MUST order the mushroom and cheese sandwich - not the mushroom burger, mind you.  Yes, its veggie, and it's great.  The mushrooms taste delectable and there is this creamy-ish sauce that, along with the cheese, melts in your mouth.  I've also had the mushroom burger, which is also good, but I actually prefer it without the meat.  Either one is a great option for any of you mushie lovers out there.... Goes great with a side of fries!"
	: "The Shakedown is an organic eatery completely run by the students at Pitzer College (and a few other student employees from the Claremont Colleges.)\n\nAlthough the concept sounds great in theory, it has not shined in the past. Now as a junior, I have been to the shakedown 4 or 5 times in my college career. Each time I went, I hoped for something delicious, fresh, and unique. Each time I was, unfortunately, disappointed.\n\nFrom guacamole made with unripe avocados, to dried-out samosas, to even finding a piece of plastic wrap in a burrito, I always wanted to love the shakedown, but couldn't for various issues. \n\n..until now. \n\nThe Shakedown Cafe has finally realized its vision. In fact, I would now go as far to say that it provides some of the best cuisine in the Claremont area. \n\nFor one, the menu is now very solid. Ranging from tacos to salads, the Shakedown has an excellent mix of well-prepared organic foods. The standout and highlight of this review, however, is the burger. \n\nThe Shakedown Burger may be the best burger I've ever had. An amazing combination of quality beef and toppings, this thing is unbelievable. Tonight, I had a burger with greens, blue cheese, aioli, caramelized onions, and a fried egg. There are many more options on the menu, but this was awesome. Well-seasoned, great portion, right textures. Amazing. The price is right too...at $7.50, it's certainly not cheap, but its a fair price for the quality. I would even argue that the Shakedown burger is better than the famous Back Abbey burger in the Claremont Village. \n\nI've also tried the Ganache bomb...at $4.00, it's pricey for the portion, but rich and delicious. \n\nWhether you are a student at the Claremont Colleges or not, give the Shakedown a try. I think you will be pleasantly surprised."
	: "Believe the other reviews folks - this place is an exceptionally good coffee shop with heart and friendly service. The barista who helped us (I think his name was Jeremy?) was a refreshing example of superior customer service. The art is interesting and great to check out while waiting on an order.  \n\nMy only possible complaint -- well, not even a complaint really... just something to keep in mind -- is that in such a small location, the wait maaaay be longer than normally expected during high-traffic times.  That still doesn't diminish from the score though... Just something to keep in mind."
	: "Went here for lunch today & had the famous blueberry pancakes.  They were good, but I dunno about great.  They are extremely sweet...and I love sweet things.  The syrup that even comes with it is like melted caramel.  Again...sweet.  My friend had a chicken sandwich which he said tasted like they used real quality ingredients.\nThe restaurant itself is very trendy and a nice addition to Morningside Heights, although if you are a college student you might wanna go to another more affordable restaurant."
	: "Three months ago I found Dentistry for Life... The dental office that I went to over two years ago was not friendly and I did not feel comfortable going back. I can tell you that once you step through the door into this office, you will receive the utmost care any dental office can give - from the family atmosphere to the exceptional care that Dr. Dubin provides. \n\nCall Dentistry for Life to schedule an appointment with Dr. Dubin today!"
	: "I tried out Antico Pizza based upon an article I read on Sky Miles magazine wherein Antico was highlighted. Upon my first bite of this pizza, I was hooked and wanted to come back again for every single meal I had while at Atlanta. \n\nNever in my wildest dreams I would have the best and most authentic Italian pizza in Southern America. I highly recommended anyone visitng or living in the Atlanta area and farther out to come to Anitco Pizza. It's only a matter of time before Antico will be shown on those tourists shows on the Travel Channel and the Food Network."
	: "colossal margaritas, awesome tex-mex fare, reliably good service with a smile, fun crowd, colorful decor - what's not to love?  \n\ni love spicy food in general.  they have lots of spicy food.  i'm talking, you'll be like a fire-breathing dragon after eating some of their spicier dishes, spicy!  order a glass of water w/ your margarita(s), b/c you will otherwise be tempted to drink it like the sweet treat it is then suddenly proclaim in the middle of dinner [like i did], \"wow! I AM REALLY DRUNK!\"  really, the margaritas are HUGE and sweet.  take your time and enjoy yours.\n\ni have never been a fan of salsa w/ fruit in it, but they have one here that is freaking awesome.  i think it had pineapple in it?  the chickpea chili is just - OMG, nom NOM NOM!!!  i got the pico burrito w/ black beans - also delicious.  i couldn't finish it but oh my damn was it the best midnight snack later on that evening.  the menu is pretty funny w/ spanglish titles - my vegetarian burrito was found under the section titled \"burritos para los vegheads,\" and there's one in that section titled \"the angry hippie burrito\" LOL!   the varied wings are listed simply as \"los wingos\" and while i don't remember the flavor my friend had, i remember them being very tender and cilantro-y when i tasted.  yum.  score again, mad mex. \n\neveryone in our party of 5 was happy, and not just b/c of their margaritas.  very tasty food and an all-around good experience.  yeah, it's a chain, but it's pretty damned good for chain fare.  i'm kind of sad they don't have any locations in the DC area.  i will definitely go back next time i'm in PA.  who wants to be my designated driver?"
	: "Yeap the double burger combo is def. bang for the buck! Burger is satisfying and the fat fries are piping hot, delicious! oh and they have Orange Bang, smooth~"
	: "LOVE THIS PLACE!!!! I'm always on the prowl for a delicious philly cheesesteak and after tasting the one at Hog Island I have no need to look any further! Perfect bread, perfect amount of cheese and the meat is tender and juicy...my mouth is starting to water just writing this.  My husband and I have a toddler and don't get \"our time\" a lot - this place made for a perfect lunch date!! We'll definitely be back!"
	: "Whenever you eat on \"The Ave\" you have to keep in mind that the none of the restaurants are going to be really fancy, clean, and spacious. When you're a broke college student, typically you look for cheap food. So the fancier a place, the more expensive it'll be. This is why I don't mind places like Burger Hut and you should never have high expectations when eating on the Ave. I love their Burger Special that has an egg included (sounds weird but it's tasty!!!) and I get a side of onion rings that are really crispy. I hate soggy fries and onion rings. The guys working there have always been friendly but if it's busy I just get my food to go since the place is pretty small. They only have 2 guys cooking so if there's a line it might take awhile. Haven't had their shakes yet but I've heard they're good. They also accept debit/credit cards which I didn't expect since alot of small restaurants don't usually accept them. So that's another plus."
	: "Food was ok, not great. Chicken Teriyaki was the best of the selections we got. Tuna sushi was a bit tough. Rolls were messy. They also took nearly 35 minutes to prepare a takeout order, after telling us to come in 20, and the order was missing the miso soup and one of the rolls, which I realized when I got home. Overall, not a great experience."
	: "Great burritos and tacos, which blow away anything in town.  Agree with Justin K that the only flaw is that it takes very long due to the long lines.  Call in your order so you don't have to wait 20 minutes."
	: "I love their Wet Burritos and Carne Asada Tacos. Their chili/salsa bar is awesome! They're located close to USC. Watch out for the line, it tends to get lengthy during peak hours."
	: "This is the closest I'll get to a fast food burger.  Great fries. UBurger is great for a cheap eat."
	: "If you post a 10 day return policy you need to honor it! Its unfortunate that the owner didn't want to uphold her policy and lost a customer!"
	: "This place was great. Tucked in the corner of Town and Country, this small sandwich spot definitely was worth the parking hassle. I ordered the vegetarian sandwich which was delicious, the only complaint being that they used white bread instead of the sliced wheat I asked for (and didn't realize until I opened the bag when I got home). Would definitely recommend it!"
	: "God bless you, Asian donut man.\n\nWhen you smell fresh donuts sizzilin' in the fryer, it's game over. Don't even try. No one can resist! King Pin donuts are perfect for late night snacks or a sugar boost during finals. My favorite donuts are the maple bar/twist and glazed old-fashioned. I also enjoy sugar doughnut holes. Mmmm..... calories...\n\nTips: Go at night, when the donuts are fresh. Donuts are now trans-fat free!"
	: "Sooo Yummy! My friend and I stopped in at the new Thai Spice on the drag and were really surprised! The pad thai was really good but so was the sushi and the happy hour special! It was also really affordable and you get a good amount of food for what you pay. Definitely coming back to this trendy little place."
	: "3.5 Stars \n\nI find it vastly amusing that some people wildly prefer either Chipotle or Qdoba. Food wise, they're pretty much the same in my book.  I'd probably fail a blind taste test. Chipotle still has the edge when it comes to decor and tag lines. Anyways, I was hungry after a flight back to Seattle and needed a quick meal. We went to Qdoba and it was A-OK. The service here was better than my experience downtown. There's a TV in the dining area and we watched Bret Michaels almost get crushed onstage. So that was exciting. I ordered a chicken burrito, same as at the other Qdoba, same as at Chipotle. I swear to god if I try Qdoba again I will actually try something different! The burritos are giant and pretty good.  Nothing surprising but not bad at all.  There is a parking lot which makes life easier, and I think UW students get a discount or free drinks or something."
	: "I have to admit I haven't been here in a while. Back in the day, this was the cool movie place to go. They had first runs of all the new indie films that no one else would show.  I remember going here to see Bent, It's In The Water and a lot of other crazy stuff.  The staff was always friendly and the crowds were usually serious movie buffs who would actually remain quiet.  With the advent of Netflix, etc, I'm not sure there's as much of a need for theaters like this anymore.  But I do still occasionally go and it's always fun."
	: "College pizza is okkkk...my roommate and I ordered it in a lot last year. It does the job for late night munchies, but it is very greasy and kind of win or lose. I do love the vegetable quesadilla, though."
	: "Eff it. I know it's a truck and it doesn't have like, tables or... an address but this place really is great! Fresh ingredients, homemade baked goods and creative combinations make the walk over to this foodtruck worthwhile.\n\nThis is not one of those places (like Grasshopper in Allston) that exploit the fact that most vegetarians are effing starving and will eat whatever garbage you tell them is vegan.  These guys make stuff that tastes good to all people, vegans and omnivores alike.\n\nGive this place a try sometime if you are getting bored of whatever random thing you usually get at the Kendall food court.  Try a chick pea fritter sandwhich and a rosemary french fries."
	: "If I could give this company a \"0\" star, I would!\n\nWhen I first called to find their location, the woman on the phone stated that they were rated by AAA.  As a member I asked if this were true -- AAA told me that they do not endorse any taxi companies.\n\nWhen I was in East Palo Alto at my Extra Storage Storage Space letting the movers into my unit for them to load.  The estimate of time for the movers to pack and be at my new home was 1.5 hours.\n\nI called at 8:00AM for a cab.\n\nI had 7 Smart phone messages:\n\n1) 8:AM -- taxi #1736 was dispatched at 8AM.\n2)8:06AM -- taxi #5 was dispatched at 8:04\n3) 8::08AM  -- taxi #1714 was dispatched at 8:07AM\n4) 8:11 -- taxi # 655 -- taxi #655 was dispatched at 8:10AM\n5) 8:14AM -- taxi #1739 -- was dispatched at 8:31AM\n6) 8:16 -- taxi #1832 was dispatched at  8:14AM\n7) taxi # 1710 -- was dispatched at 8:20AM\n\nIn addition I received 3 calls from the taxi drivers ... 3 different men with 3 different dialects:\n\nA) The first one said that he would be there in 20 minutes.\n\nB) The second one said that he would be there is 15 minutes.\n\nC) The third one said that he would be there is 10 minutes.  I asked if he was coming because I had already had 2 other calls from 2 other drivers.\n\nWhen the 3rd taxi driver arrived he called me on my cell, even though I was in the sun about 15 feet from the entrance.\n\nOne of his quotes was:\" I thought that you were black -- I know black people with your name.  And, of course you being in East Palo Alto.\"  I was fuming -- he wasn't white ... was the taxi company jerking me around because they thought that I wasn't white -- RACIST.\n\nThen he got a call on his cell phone from another cab driver asking about traffic on Middlefield Road in Palo Alto-- though he said yes, he didn't end the conversation.  He missed the turn.  When he ended the call, he asked ME why I didn't let him know that HE had missed the turn.\n\nAnd, yes you guessed it, the movers arrived to my new home, prior to me arriving there!\n\nI would NEVER recommend this cab company to anyone."
	: "The Great White Pizza is a must-have, and I would highly recommend their red beer as well. It is very strong and very tasty. No matter what, make sure you try the pizookie (a fresh-out-of-the-pizza-oven cookie served with ice cream, aka \"The Greatest Dessert In La Jolla\") before you go.\n\nAV"
	: "Yes, the jewelry is cheap and sometimes the clothes smell, but every once in a while you can find a real gem.\n\nSome stuff is definitely not worth the $3.99, but others are a steal.  Sunglasses, housewares, dresses, leather jackets (if you find a cool one), and lotsa costume-y things like suspenders, wigs, etc.  \n\nI don't know if it's somewhere I'd drive out of my way to, but there is an Urban Outfitters, Victorias Secret, Aahs and American Apparel on the same street, and a Buffalo Exchange a block over.  (Plus it's an excuse to grab an ice cream sandwich at diddy riese!)"
	: "This rating requires a story.  Once I tried cooking mongolian beef at home.  I was disappointed with the results.  But at that point I hadn't eaten mongolian beef in many months, and I wasn't sure if I did it incorrectly or if my memory of mongolian beef was better than it actually is.  So I decided to go out to a Chinese restaurant to see what it should be, to compare it to my first-time rendition.  And this was the place I ended up at.  And it tasted nearly the same.  And I still didn't like it.  Since I hadn't been to this place much before, I decided to give my recipe another point of comparison and went to a Chinese restaurant elsewhere that people actually recommend.  And I enjoyed its beef.  And thus I learned that my rendition was indeed bad and in the process learned something about this restaurant..."
	: "The description below is right on. So when I went to Bongo Burger, I heard about this fake meat burger. I didn't try it because I don't like them no matter what, so I actually don't remember what I had, but I remember that it really didn't seem all that worth it to me. Even the fries left a lot to be desired. Anyway, why 4 stars? it's close to where my friends live and really, it's not all that bad. They could do with some specials or something like that. Competition my friends!"
	: "this is the best middle east restaurant in seattle so far."
	: "The doctor was GREAT, she saw me after hours for an eye infection. I was in dire need of an optometrist and she was nice enough to stay open after hours and on the weekend."
	: "Absolutely horrible.  The absolute worst.  Words cannot express how horrible this company is and how unfathomable they are a business.  I called for a cab and waited ONE HOUR, and was told every fifteen minutes when I called that, \"we don't know what happened to the cab, we will send another.\"  this happened literally 4 or 5 times.  once they kept me on hold and i called them from another number to check.  Take an ark or crawl, whatever you do do not patronize the worst \"cab\" company in the world.  I am still not convinced they actually exist, the worst kind of liars, I hope their own mothers get treated this way, sorry bunch of jackasses."
	: "TINTURA - AMAZING SALON, AMAZING TALENT, AND THE JESUS OF HAIR SAVING.\n\nIn life, we are forced to make many difficult decisions - one of the hardest, is of course, choosing the right hair salon. If we are lucky enough, however, sometimes fate will bring us to the best choice.\n\nMy experience at Tintura was incredible, considering they had done their best to save my hair. Here's the background story:.\n\n     Earlier in the afternoon I had had a dreadful experience at another salon (Salon Bloom). My hair was completely destroyed - considering the hairdresser had literally chopped off the top of my hair into a bob, and kept the bottom of my hair (which was to my mid-back) untouched. The hair cut cost me $85, and it literally looked my hair went into a war zone with the top half and the bottom half on opposite sides of the battle field. I was devastated and drove to the first hair place that could I find. \n\n     I drove into the Claremont Village and saw that Tintura's door was open. I walked in, red and puffy from a cry fest which had ensued for hours. Doris, the owner, greeted me. I told her that I had just come from a haircut and was extremely upset. She sat me down to look at the cut. She realized that my hair was a disaster and needed a good fix. Unfortunately, she told me, that the salon was closing within the next few minutes and that I could set up an appointment for the week, considering that they were booked. I told her I understood and was dismayed by yet another unfortunate event. Instead of sending me off, Doris kept me and asked her master stylist, Danielle (if I am not mistaken), if she would stay later. From the kindness of both of their hearts, they agreed to keep the doors open for just a little bit longer to fix the disaster ensuing on my head. Doris and Danielle were in the midst of clients, when they looked to see how they could fix my hair. They examined the angles, the different possibilities, and all through which, they were incredibly sincere and genuine. I waited for a few minutes, until Danielle was done with her current client.\n\n     Danielle was supposed to leave right after, but opted to stay to fix my hair. She talked through my choices and recommended the ones which would be most favorable to what I needed. In order to save it completely, I needed a good chop, one which I was not willing to make, considering my hair had already gone through a brutal chop I had not asked for. She figured a way to calm the dreadful layer and adjust the length to better fix the cut. She warned that to completely fix my hair would take time because I did not want to snip off the hair I had been trying to desperately grow. She spent a good 45 minutes adjusting, texturing, blending, and doing everything she could to make my hair look like actual hair, versus the waves of disgust the other salon had shaped it to be. She literally saved my hair.\n\n     The entire time I was getting my hair cut, both Danielle and Doris were incredibly sweet and comforting. They were not pushy and kept laughing at my constant, apologetic behavior. I was beyond grateful. When it came time to pay, Doris gave me a 20% discount, considering the haste of my situation and all of the problems I had gone through. I finally left with a smile on my face. Even though my hair has not fully recovered, it is in the best shape it could be (under the circumstances), and was cut by a professional stylist who actually cared enough to make a girl feel good about herself.\n\nFrom the depth of my heart, thank you."
	: "Having worked in the MIT area for a few years now, I'm as aware as everyone else how meager the lunch options can be. Any place that opens is guranteed an initial surge of traffic.\n\nUnfortunately my visit to Mexicali will be a one time thing. The menu was unnecessarily complicated, involving choosing a burrito size and each individual ingredient. The fillings were mediocre at best, and the staff seemed completely incompetent. Made me long for the cool professionals of Boca and Annas.\n\nThe worst part was the fold. My burrito ended up looking like a softball. Luckily I was eating it back in the office, because it immediately fell apart over my plate and required a fork to finish.\n\nSave your time and stick to the trucks, Boca or Annas."
	: "We were here for a private party... It is a good place for the price!"
	: "Jasmine Sola was overrated anyway. Meet Monella, its replacement in Harvard Square. Hats off to these guys for making use of their space and actually stocking it with clothes. Four stars for what they are: a reseller of moderately priced designer apparel. \n\nI was impressed to see some decent brands like Velvet and James Perse, and found the balance of solid separates to fluffy-collared dresses to be about right. The selection looks hit or miss but I can see myself walking away from this place with some good pieces every now and then. \n\nThe no returns thing sealed the deal on my new black cardigan sweater dress thing: looks like we're stuck with each other! Meh."
	: "General Tso chicken was bone dry and very plain. Rice was kind of hard. Egg roll was pretty good though."
	: "Ok, once again, I did not concern myself with the dresses here.  Claiming to be a drag queen or fashion design student (same thing?) only works so many times before you actually start to believe it.  So this is me concentrating on the jewelry.\n\nAs a store, this place is pure elegance.  The jewelry is actually really original and beautiful, and No, I don't think that makes me gay.  Most of the best stuff is in amethyst, for some reason.  Go for purple.  Ok, that makes me a little gay.\n\nThe staff is very friendly and super helpful.  You can tell that this one woman really likes her job, describing it as \"playing dress-up\" for money."
	: "Working in Cambridge just got that much better! \n\nThe Madame X latte was amazing and I always love the added touch of \"foam art.\" The flavors were complex without being too sweet or masking the espresso (the most important part) \n\nThe front counter reminded me of a cupcake shop but the rest was reminiscent of your friend's cool trendy loft with lots of original art. \n\nI hate to complain about the food because really there is nothing that goes well with coffee that isn't a dessert. Buuuuut, while I appreciate the effort of trying to offer sandwiches, they don't hold a candle to the inspiration behind the lattes.\n\nAlthough I do LOVE ants on a log...."
	: "I finally got to try a Sprinkle's cupcake a couple weeks ago when the lines died down.  After all the hype, I had pretty high expectations for the cupcakes.  They didn't necessarily blow me away but the cream frosting is definitely delish.  The red velvet cupcake is also the best.  I think I prefer the cupcakes at BabyCakes in Hillcrest but if you're in the area, definitely worth a try (but not when the lines are super long)."
	: "Eastern Accents is quite tasty, I ate there for lunch today!\nThe curry beef bun is off the hook, as well as the bi bim bap.  Their sriracha sauce is different than the stuff you normally get with bi bim bap, but it is hella tasty!\nLunch was about $10."
	: "Penang is a chain restaurant, the food has always been decent, if I am reviewing based on just the food, this would be 4-5 depends on the day.  The food can be a little hit or miss, not always really consistent.  I had dishes that ends up too salty or sauce that ends up too watery before.  \n \nHowever I am reviewing based on the experience as a whole for coming to the Princeton Penanag for years. \n\nThe service is really on the slower side, some of the servers are rude and just simply horrible.  In addition to the bad service from the servers, the manager who is an older, very skinny guy, who is always in a bad mood.  He makes the Grinch looks like a soft teddy bear.  He has the most horrible attitude, talks to people in short burst of angry tone, makes you feel you are not welcome there at all, and if you ask him any questions he will make sure you know that your question is really dumb by rolling his eyes and grunt and make odd gestures at you while he walks away without answering your question.\n\nIf I can get this type of food somewhere else, I will not put up with their horrible service."
	: "There is always a line at this hole in the wall, and right fully so.  Stopped in today, as I haven't been there in awhile, and had the Austrian Lentil Soup.  Frick'n excellent. \n\nLentils, Spaetzel, bacon, carrots, celery, slices of franks and perfect blend of spices. Stock was thin with a touch of cream. It was mostly soup and could have used a few more chunks of goodies in my bowl for the $6 price, but it was delectible."
	: "Cheap, filling, open all the time. Had the carne asada burrito combo, which was reasonably good. Beans were watery and rice was dry, though. The staff was surprisingly friendly.\nIt looks pretty sketchy from the outside, but it's good if you have 5 dollars in quarters and want a quick late night drive thru meal."
	: "The noodles they use for the ramen here are the same exact noodles from the instant ramen packages.  Though the noodles are common, everything in the soup was excellent.  I had the \"Beef Ramen\" and the \"Bear Special Ramen\".  I can assure you that there are way better ramen places out ther."
	: "Cheap, quick and great service. It was hard not to eat at this place everyday when I worked nearby. There is often a line but they move quick. Get the baklava too, so good and really cheap, nice ending to your already good meal."
	: "super late night sushi delivery is nice and there shouldn't be and real expectations of quality attached to the concept. And indeed there isn't. BUT YOU CAN GET IT UNTIL 3AM!!!! but I wouldn't really get it at any time you could just go to a better restaurant."
	: "Small, hot rooms with no A/C.  Even an open window offers no relief.  This is November 3, 2010.  It's currently 64 degrees outside and the room is over 80 degrees.  I would not recommend this hotel to anyone if they expect a good night of sleep.  However, the front desk staff is nice.  But the hotel itself is old, dirty and the rooms are HOT on a cold night."
	: "it depends on what type of person you are when you go here. if you want to go somewhere to sit down and be served on hand and foot, it's not for you. if you don't mind getting your own dishes, drinks and water, then this place is great for you!!\nthe prices are pretty good (6-12 dollars an item) and the food is so very tasty. i go here all the time!"
	: "Came here a few nights ago and omg I hated it hated it wanted to go home bad service took the waitress about 30 mins ,give or take a few, to take our order kept saying she was Gonna refill our drinks yet had to ask another employe because she was taking to long but I give it 2 stars instead of one because I kind of felt bad for them since a large group of loud and obnoxious ghetto \"people\" came in and there were only 2 waiters/waitresses for the whole place but the ghetto pack of low lifes were extremely Loud nasty ugly hoochie thug outfits practically barking at our ears eh not coming back"
	: "First off, I love Free People, then why the three stars you ask?\n\nWhen I saw the Free People store, I got really excited because they are one of my favorite brands.  However, when I saw the set up through the window it was an almost automatic turn off because their display looked like a \"Lucky\" display!  \"Hippieish\" and way to overtly bohemian.  Reminding myself that it was Free People and not Lucky, I walked in still as excited.  \n\nHowever, I'm sensitive to certain smells and get headaches easily and they were burning INCENSE!  Like two in every corner!! And it wasn't like Nag-chamba incense it was like a bad smelling incense.  \n\nI looked quickly and of course there were some cute things, but for some reason, I think I'd prefer to just look at Bloomies or Nordys.  I know the store has way more selection, but the incense has to go!"
	: "Super sweet cookies and yummy ice cream.\n\nCame here on a Tuesday night around 9:30pm.  No line to get in on this goodness.  I got an ice cream sandwich with a white chocolate macadamia cookie and a chocolate chip cookie with strawberry ice cream, while my bf had mint chip ice cream with a chocolate chip cookie and a rocky road cookie.  Cookies were fresh and the chocolate chips easily melt in your hands.  Of the three cookies - the white chocolate macadamia was the sweetest, even for a sweets lover such as myself.  They use double rainbow ice cream which is a plus and for 2 bucks a sandwich it's a good deal!\n\nThey only have 4-5 chairs in the shop and a couple benches outside.  These sandwiches can be easily eaten on the go.  Besides, cookies and ice cream, they also sell milkshakes.  If I'm in the area or craving ice cream sandwiches I'll be sure to come back."
	: "Top Dog saved the day again with hot wieners at 2 in the morning. Thank You Top Dog!"
	: "This review is specifically for the weekend brunch, which is very underrated.  The Bow Street Breakfast (eggs, potatoes, meat, bread, fruit) is under $10 and Grafton's coffee is surprisingly excellent (Lavazza).  And never a long wait. :)"
	: "I've DEFINITELY experienced better. \n\nEven though it was late night, they gave us a really meager portion of Ginger chicken. $7 down the drain for a whole lotta rice. Thai House on Channing has always taken the win over Thai Basil for pretty much everything (besides being a later night option)."
	: "This place doesn't look like much from the outside, but its actually pretty good.\n\nThe food - while not the best Thai food I have ever had - is pretty tasty, and the price is very right.\n\nIt's not a fancy restaurant, but its pleasant, nice and clean.  It's really quite a bargain considering how little they charge for the food."
	: "SOooooo good and they have happy hour with $2 mini cheeseburgers and half off apps (drink specials as well I just can't remember what they are!) and DEF. go on Tuesday when they have a chef's special with four gourmet mini-burgers that are paired with beers and wines.  SO good.  I am not the best at building my own burger- so I love going on Tuesday when the chef pulls out the big guns!  Don't miss the sweet potato fries and the garlic parmesan fries- yummy!"
	: "The food is just ok....i get the sense im in a corporate spanish restaurant....lacks authenticity-- i love the mexican beer, i.e. dos equis....i got to have mexican beer at a mexican restaurant or the experience does not feel right...."
	: "Yummmm!!!! I LOVE Joes Crab Shack!!! This was our second trip there over the past 2 months. I love the fun atmosphere! We had the steampot both times, me the sunset fire grilled and my wife the diablo. Both were phenomenal! The seafood is cooked to perfection,  reasonably priced, and nice sized portions. The andouille sausage that comes with the succulent crabs is amazing!!!! \nGo To This Place!!! You will have a blast (great for a birthday dinner as the do more than just sing, they REALLY embarrass the bday victim!)\nJust wish there was one closer!!!"
	: "I've ate here a few times. It didn't blow me away to keep on coming back for more. Not only that I just don't want to have to be dressed up to eat here all the time. They have a pretty cool bar and the stone floor makes me wobble with my heels on (an accident waiting to happen!) I've notice the waitresses here get clumsy breaking things. They do get pretty busy due to being in a business/hotel area and I've ran into Tony Hawk there once. =)"
	: "i was so happy when i finally turned 21 my senior year and could start hanging out here regularly instead of pub.  it's super laid back and the beer is cheap.  i used to grab lunch here all the time too cause they had $5 jersey mike's subs and chips.  sentimental side note: my parents used to come drink here when they were working in the med center and dating, aww."
	: "So good! Our server Heather was great. She was super friendly and very attentive even w/ multiple tables. Try the caesar over misquite... It's different but good. It's a little pricey but we used a buy one entree get one entree from their facebook page and saved $30!"
	: "The best Mexican in NYC hands down.\n\nI love this place. It's a hole in the wall--just a few tables inside and the grill is up front. You can watch them make your food. The food is cheap but really good and you get a LOT of it!\n\nI am vegan so I usually stick to bean, veggie, or cactus taco--they are sooo huge and really good. Their rice is the bomb-sticky and soft. I always leave this place with leftovers and totally stuffed! \n\nT"
	: "The threading is pretty good, the customer service and atmosphere really aren't... but given the options in the h-square area (and the fact that my brows always look good when I leave)- it is the best option available!\n\n  So the threading is technically quite good.  My brows look good when I leave and the staff clearly knows what they are doing.  However the customer service is pretty poor- you are lucky if they acknowledge your existence.  Also they do some crazy rude things- for example the last time I went in the women threading my eye brows was having a conversation, in Hindi, on the phone while working on me... really pretty poor service.  It is a low/ no frills place but for $14 (student discount)- it gets the job done.  Also there aren't other places in the area that do threading... so they kind of have a lock on the market!"
	: "So this place has been touted to me by a few people,\"better than back Abbey\" statements have been made. So I had to see what the fuss was about. Now the beer selection looked good and as far as coming here to have a few I would say yes but I was not impressed with the food. I had the Maui wowi burger and the bacon was overdone and hard (not crispy but hard) sadly the only flavor I got out of it was the pineapple jalape\u00f1o relish which I had a hard time keeping in the burger. The actual burger patty was pretty bland and did not taste seasoned, I had another in our party try just a piece of the beef for my burger and they had been surprised by the lack of flavor. We also orders the truffle fries and these while not bad where lacking. A sprinkle of truffle salt would probably have done the trick. A couple of the staff seemed pretty good but other seemed like they where just having a bad day, not mean or rude just not happy.... Which seemed surprising as they really seemed over staffed...\nI'll probably go back for booze but probably not for food as nothing I got really seemed that special. For that I'll stick with back Abby. I do have to say I really dug the decor though"
	: "They are either racists or they have no interests in selling their shoes..."
	: "This is by far my favorite sit-down place to eat in University City. I went here tonight for drinks and asked the bartender for a special request, he certainly delivered. I have also been here for lunch and had a tremendous salad. I don't know what the complaining is about, I would say the staff here cares far more about your dining experience than any other restaurant i've been to in the area."
	: "A decent brewery style restaurant, cheap prices, sub par food! The service needs work as well, my order and my buddies both came with the wrong sides and did not see the server till after i finished. For the college students in this town it's perfect! Great late night place for a few beers"
	: "For the past year, when family and friends come to visit ATL I'm always sure to bring them to Bab's for lunch.  I love the atmosphere and yummy chicken and brie panini with sweet potato fries done just right with a good dipping sauce and in the summer they'll serve up a thirst quenching champagne cocktail with strawberries, blueberries, and lime and lemon zests that always hits the spot. \n\nI never have to wait for a table and there is always a spot to park for free (huge plus!).  And I love being greeted by all of the guys when I walk through the door.  The service is always quick and delicious and Randy and the guys are a hoot!"
	: "I'm very fond of this place. Not necessarily because the museum offers things that you've never seen before (everyone has seen the movie) it's more for the small perks. The biggest one being that it offers some of the greatest peeing destinations around downtown. The trees offer protection from on coming passerbys in addition to soaking up the \"evidence\". Doing all this late at night makes you feel a little bit like you're a part of recreated history. Who doesn't love that."
	: "it was my first visit to this venue and I had a great time celebrating my friend's birthday!!  the environment changes from a chill and laid back setting to an upbeat and lively place!!  all depending on the music and the crowd of course.  but they have a fully stocked bar, the appetizers were a delight and affordable, and the customer service was outstanding!!  ask for Desiree!!  she took well care of our party despite how busy it got!!  keep the great work love!!  I recommend this place regardless of the occasion, as long as you're looking to have a good time.. this is a fun spot!!  :D\n\n- myzangeline"
	: "Tacos are good!!! Guacamole is good & fresh too!!!"
	: "Mint Leaf is a great deal! Massages are excellent and the staff is wonderful. Best deal in town! Sister location in Pomona is also a fantastic deal."
	: "I had lunch with a friend here a few weeks back.  I ordered a Jalepeno burger.  I had such high hopes for this place, being a fan of vegetarian food. \n\nGood location, space and cute/fun decorations.\nPretty good service.\nFood is where I had to shave off a star or two.  The burger tasted ok but the jalapeno bottle caps were kind of strange.  Bland tasting with the batter falling apart into a mushy mess as I ate my food.  \n\nI will be back to try something else, but for now  a 3/5."
	: "This place is easy to find and wasn't too crowded for a party of 8 to celebrate New Year's Eve.\n\nOur waiter was so cute and super helpful. The food was really yummy. Shi So Hot (or whatever the proper name is) was a hit! Everyone loved it. The sashimi was really yummy too. \n\nAnd the tea was actual matcha which was really nice on a cold night."
	: "This place was a regular feature of my undergrad years. Not much here for vegans, but the enormous portions are pleasing."
	: "Wasn't impressed with the flavor selection but the toppings selection is another thing, unfortunately I seemed to arrive at the the wrong time because their had to be 25+ Kids including many little ones and less than a handful of Adults, not sure if this was some kind of field trip or just random Mom's who have a lot of Kids....\n\nYou've heard the old saying: \"Like a Kid in a Candy Store\" ..... touching EVERYTHING, eating the FroYo before it's paid for!, Nice PARENTING http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6E4qfgHlGwm7eDQOtlcxaQ?select=5bMUz5BU4_ll23wU1G2F5w#CI9WT-T4rbIY9zmoSUMExg /facepalm \n\nI stand back biting my tongue as I really wanted to say something to a couple of those \"ADULTS\".... Relax http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LTGdAGPDBpo Woosah... I let the madness clear, seating is very limited but I got my FroYo and the hell out of dodge!.\n\nFroYo - http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6E4qfgHlGwm7eDQOtlcxaQ?select=5bMUz5BU4_ll23wU1G2F5w#mzCukgJAh3z2Dq_j68e4BA\n\nPeanut Butter Cup - I love peanut butter and generally get this flavor whenever I see it offered BUT I'm not sure if it was a bad combo but wasn't to thrilled with this flavor!. 2.5 - 3-Stars\n\nhttp://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/6E4qfgHlGwm7eDQOtlcxaQ?select=5bMUz5BU4_ll23wU1G2F5w#5bMUz5BU4_ll23wU1G2F5w\n\nHawaiian Delight - After tasting it my first thought was Hawaiian Punch, it was a lighter version not as sweet as the actual punch but has that basic flavor, thought it was pretty good sweet but not too sweet. 3.5 - 4-Stars\n\nPrice is .39 Cents per OZ where most FroYo is about .35 Cents"
	: "I highly recommend the D.G.G.C. Best grilled cheese I have EVER had and both the cayenne cheddar bread and strawberry dip hit make this dish a home-run. My friend made a very wise decision in ordering this dish. Thankfully she was getting full so I was able to eat some of it ;-).\n\nI would not recommend the Sunshine Scrambler--very bland and boring. The home fries are pretty good and have a good kick to them. \n\nI ordered the Sweet Almond tea which is a mix of coconut and almond. Fantastic! I would suggest ordering this to accompany the coconut pancake. Great combo!\n\nThe cold Boston attitude from the waitress was annoying."
	: "Yum! This is a great place to go to for lunch. The noodles fill you up without making you feel stuff. The sides are also very good. \n\nOverall, the taste is very authentic and simple."
	: "Like another reviewer, I recently moved here was was looking for a female OB/GYN.  Since I use Yelp for everything, I turned to Yelp for my OB/GYN recommendation too.  I came in for a well woman exam and a preconception consultation.  \n\nOverall, the in-office experience was nice.  The waiting room is nicely decorated, and the staff is knowledgeable and organized.  I saw Dr. Beard, and she was super friendly and sweet.  She was informative and had a warm personality.  I enjoyed the in-office experience very much.      \n\nThe problem I have is with their communication after a visit.  It's difficult to get through when you call.  When you call, the phone is answered by an automated system.  That system will guide you to a nurse's voice mail.  You leave a message, and you wait for a return call.  This process is repeated for any follow-up you may have.  Although calls are returned within 24hrs, the nurse seems hurried when she's on the phone.  I understand that everyone there is busy, but I don't like feeling like I'm just another annoying voice mail that the nurse needs to return.  \n\nThis is a great place for an annual exam.  However, since I'm planning to be pregnant in the next year, I know I'll have questions and need to make frequent visits.  I want to feel confident that I can reach a live person if an emergency arises.  Because of that, I'm going some place else.  I'm looking for a smaller office where phones aren't answered by a call center."
	: "So Robert Wayne (or as my friends and I like to call it 'R-Dub' or as I will refer to it in this review 'RW') and I have some history together. I used to work here at this particular location, on and off for around 3 years. At first I loved it. (This may be due my previous 3 year employment in the Plaza food court. Needless to say, this was a step up.) Then I grew to hate it. (Don't worry though folks. I will not waste your time and review this poorly run company and the greedy corporate bastards that sent me in search of greener pastures. I will write a real review. But just in case you were wondering, this place is in fact run by buffoons.)\n\nON WITH THE REVIEW!\n\nIn all honesty, when it comes to shoe stores, RW is really as good as it gets if you don't want to venture into Nordstrom. And honestly, I NEVER want to venture into Nordstrom. And what RW has really accomplished, is the Nordstrom shoe department, in a shop the size of the Nordstrom women's restroom. Granted they're down to about half the inventory of Nordstrom, but the good stuff, the shoes you really want and look for, are all there. So It's Nordstrom minus all the crap. And minus all the FOB crap that Journey's carries. Not only is Journey's selection weak, but they only offer the kind of  colors that only the certain type of gentlemen who wear ill fitting saggy jeans, edge their hair and wear do rags, stroll in hoping  to find to match the brand new New Era cap they just purchased at LIDS. \n\nDon't tell me I'm wrong, because I'm not.\n\nAnd when they do have a decent color/style they almost never have your size. \n\nI happen to avoid shoe stores like Journey's and Sheik because I feel like the employees might actually mug me. There be some scary bitches up in there. And the Vans store employees? It's like their balls haven't dropped/ they haven't gotten their periods. I do not like asking a child if they believe I should go with the half size smaller because the canvas is going to stretch out enough over time. I'm sorry sweetie but a nod is not a real answer. At RW the customer service is still there. If there's one thing RW is known for, it's the ridiculous amount of customer service. During my initial training, my manager said they try to keep their customer service up to Nordsrtom standards. RW employees are schooled in footwear knowledge. I had to learn different type of toe styles, tread, and stitching as well as different types of leathers, cleaners, and how to properly fit a shoe. \n\nUnfortunately I have been back to this location and been disappointed with the customer service a few times. This made me a little sad because I remember the pride a lot of us took in knowing what we offered customers. (I GUESS we did have our moments where we left a not so kind impression on customers, but they deserved every bit of it, and we enjoyed every bit of it.)  I thought perhaps the company was loosing its old school emphasis on it's customer service. Luckily as of now, the current store manager is Adam. He is a delight and when dealing with his employees you can see his direct influence on them. Hopefully Robert Wayne continues to stay on track.\n\nHelpful Hints: \n-They don't give refunds! Store credit and exchange only. I know it sounds primitive, but their reasoning is that they most likely have something in store that will be to your liking, and if not you can special order from the vendor of your choice directly through them. \n- The employees work partially off commission, so be nice when they try to up sell. Its just part of their job. And all of the products really do work. That being said, sometimes we did lie about the fit/ availability to make a sale since there are not refunds. So go in with some common sense\n- Don't come here looking for out of this world deals. It's still the mall. But management does walk the malls on a regular basis and adjusts prices to keep up with competition. They also price match any competitor in the mall as long as the size and color are in stock. \n-They offer layaway which is nice. So you can purchase your UGGS in the summer and not rush to make what seems like a silly purchase considering the season, but isn't since that's when they really start loading up on winter inventory ;-)\n-They carry mens, women's, children, and baby sizes.\n-They are the absolute best place for Dr. Martens. THEE BEST. Hands down, from the in store selection to the special order process, RW is your best bet.\n\nI'm going to go ahead and say that Robert Wayne Footwear is a solid choice for your footwear needs. Unless you want to be mugged while looking at rasta colored Nike Dunks at Journey's..."
	: "I've been dreaming about this place for the last week so I figured I'd write a review about my last trip a month ago. I hate the term gastropub because it's usually code for over-priced menu with fancy decorations and sub-par food, so I refuse to group this place into that category. This place rocks from the dive bar look to the beer selection to the Mac-n-cheese. If you love beer , this place will easily become one of your favorites in the Boston area. \n\nFood is interesting, fresh and always tasty. Service has always been attentive and helpful. We're familiar with most of the beers on draft but they've been helpful with some friends who know nothing about beer. \n\nIf your thinking about popping your Hobo cherry, don't be scared by the rather plain exterior. Inside the large red curtain this place is clean and neat. Just be warned it can get a little crowded standing around the bar. After our first trip we decided to try the food because it looked so good and the whole experience was better sitting at a table. \n\nThe only Bad thing I can think of here is the parking situation. It's a little bit of a hike from the T and most of the parking is permit only. Since I don't live in Cambridge this has been a little frustrating but I don't see anything the Hobo crew can do about that."
	: "Been here twice, spot on both times in service and food. The servers are very knowledgeable and attentive without being overbearing. \n\nMy last visit we ordered the calamari salad (7/10), spider roll (10/10 - loved it!), lamb (9/10), and the crab fried rice (8/10 - huge portion!).\n\nOverall, a good atmosphere but it can get loud and crowded. The tables are kind of close together, so if you're claustrophobic this may not be the place for you."
	: "Best Mediterranean food around. I really love Jerusalem Garden, every time I go out to eat with my girlfriends, we go here. I wouldn't be afraid to try anything on their menu, and I recommend everything. Great prices, and you'll always have leftovers to take with you."
	: "Awesome. Good indian food for a food truck."
	: "cheap tasty korean food \n\nkimchee fried noodles with spam \nThe noodles are machined pulled fresh which provides a very chewy but firm texture. The spiciness is just right not too hot not too bland. The sunny side fried egg adds an extra touch. 4/5\n\nThey only have 8 seats in the small room so getting to go is a better bet. All the dishes are under $9 and they also have self serve tea and water. I would come back just to try their other things or just get the kimchee noodles again.\n\nPS ramen is packaged here so you can probably make it yourself at home. Get the rice or fried noodle instead."
	: "I am sure it's good; but not my style of food. Did not enjoy it."
	: "I came here for a friend's birthday dinner & it was a satisfying experience for most of us I believe. I had a harvest salad and cream of broccoli soup. The interior is cozy, quiet and spacious. It was quiet enough that people were studying here.\n\nThe harvest salad consisted of green apple slices, vinaigrette, and two slices of a delicious, crunchy raisin bread! It was definitely filling and had a good amount of dressing. The broccoli soup was warm and creamy. As a combo meal it was worth the price (~$9). \n\nI would definitely come here again! It's a good place for dinner and possibly lunch."
	: "Step-by-Step Regression\n\nThinktank has been going downhill over the last year.  I can't think of a restaurant that I loved initially, that gets progressively worse every time I go.  The first time I went with a friend and we got the Seoul Burger, Pork Belly, and Duck Confit.  The Seoul Burger was super juicy and came with an amazing side of greens and a little kimchi.  All the dishes were of rock-star quality.  The second time I went, I discovered the amazing Vegetable Ramen that had unique veggies and a really light broth that I found to be very subtle, but amazingly good; however, the burger quality had diminished somewhat.  The third time I went, the Duck Confit had been taken off the menu, as well as the Vegetable Ramen.  I just went last week and the Pork Belly had been reduced to a Chinatown quality piece of fried pork fat.  It was despicable.  Also, the organic IPA that I would use to wash it down with was gone too.  I ordered the Seoul Burger, and that too had diminished in quality.  It came out essentially uncooked inside, so I had to send it in for a re-do.  Altogether, it was really depressing to see how bad a restaurant could get in a span of 12 months.  They need a new chef or need to move out."
	: "No.\n\nI often tell people that I am so sad that this place is as popular as it is because people will come to think that this is actually what Indian food tastes like.\n\nNo.  Just don't go here, especially if you're trying Indian food for the first time. Please.  It will taint your opinion of Indian food.\n\nI've been here twice.  I went the second time because I was sure that they were having an off-day the first time I went.  To my disappointment, I was wrong.  They really were just that bad.\n\nThe service was bad, the place was dirty (though, I think they have tidied up a bit since when I last went), the food was not good (not representative of Indian food and also just not tasty), and the wait was really long.\n\nI will give it this: 1. The naan is good (but that's a given at an Indian restaurant), and 2. The chai was good (but also a given).\n\nOtherwise, no. No. No. No."
	: "Delicious and healthy!! I ordered the lemongrass chicken on brown rice. You fill out a form while you wait in line; pick your rice, meat, veggies, and sauce. The ordering process is so simple! \n\nThe ginger lemonade is delicious too. \n\nCan't wait to go back and try some of the other combos. I hear they're opening a Mountain View in the Fall which is much closer to me. Looking forward to it."
	: "I love street waffles. Every time I visit Brussels I get so excited for the street waffles. Sadly, the waffles at Sweet Iron are nothing like the waffles you find in Belgium. Just really mediocre, and way too expensive to boot. The coffee is decent, so two stars."
	: "Yay!  I just saw that SWEET is opening a new location in HARVARD SQ!  \nIts right next to the Curious George store on Mass Ave.  It used to be where the CROSS PEN Store was.  Total UPGRADE!"
	: "I like the cookbooks.  I was really excited about a meal there on our vacation near Ithaca.  I ordered tofajita, and I was pretty disappointed.  It seemed like something I could have made myself at home.  It came with beans, which were good, and guacamole, which was good, and a dried out burrito shell filled with onions and seasoned tofu.  The \"tofajita\" was what I found most disappointing.  The shell was dry and overbaked, and the filling was pretty bland.\n\nAside from that, the server was wonderful, the strawberry rhubarb crumble was delicious.  The hostess was a little confused and confusing, but other than that, I'd go back, maybe for lunch, but not as a destination spot."
	: "3 cookies for a buck......you can't beat that.  Bring these to your office and your co-workers will love you.  Sometime's there's a small line, but it moves quickly. \n\nParking sucks- but if you're just running in real quick park in the back alley for free and hope one of the parking Nazi's doesn't catch you."
	: "This tiny little joint has a really interesting menu - Cajun and Middle Eastern - with reasonable prices. On this my first trip, we ordered Crawfish and Crab Cake Po'Boys with a side of fries. The crawfish was OK, cooked in a nice batter, but was very salty, making it hard to finish. The single crab cake was not very good -and not very crab-like - it was more like 90% breadcrumbs, 5% crab and the rest eggs,  green peppers an spices. I would not recommend this to anyone. The Po'Boys come \"fully dressed,\" which includes ketchup, and doesn't make sense, or taste good on a crab cakes or crawfish. The fries were tasty, and were golden & crispy.\n\nThe service here could have been much better. It took 20 minutes to get out food. Not terrible, if the place was busy, but we ordered with maybe 5 people in the restaurant, all of whom were already served and eating, and only 1 person ahead of us. Over the 20 minute wait, maybe 8 or so people came in and ordered after us, and all got their fully cooked meals before us. When the food arrived I got an apology that it was busy, and there was nothing they could do. Sure, there was. Cook the food in order and get us out of there!"
	: "We went here for breakfast on a weekday and it was fabulous! Not as pricey as the $45 brunch I see mentioned in other reviews, but I definitely want to try that too. I've always wanted to try this place but I had no idea that it was in the Charles Hotel - it's so hidden away! \n\nThe cinnamon cranberry french toast with real Vermont maple syrup was tasty with perfectly textured, not too dry bread and chunks of cinnamon inside. I think it would make it even more perfect if they added some pecans to the bread, or maybe some candied pecans on top. The poached egg with ham on bread with a side of asparagus was also quite good. I do wish my coffee was a little hotter and that they refilled it more often. This is definitely a solid breakfast stop. They serve till 11 AM on weekdays."
	: "Live jazz with a vocalist! (If you come on the right night.) Beautiful rolling water sculpture! Really friendly service, too!\n\nI came to Providence to Waterfire to propose to my (now) fiance, and they worked with the Hotel Providence to be sure that a dozen roses that I bought off site were at our table when we arrived to kick off a magical engagement weekend.\n\nWe even lucked out with a wine bump when the wine we ordered was 'out of stock,' and to top it off, our food was absolutely delicious. Order the scallops! Seriously.\n\nI can't thank the staff here enough for such a pleasant dinner to start things rolling with my eventual proposal. Thank you! I would definitely eat here again."
	: "Our group ordered 4 Tri-tip sandwiches, one ABC and half a BBQ chicken. A few orders of fries and onion rings. Asked for extra BBQ sauce and they gave about a cup per person. I guess their BBQ sauce is like gold out here and when I tasted it, I understood why! One of the tastiest BBQ sauces that ever touched my lips. *thumbs up!*"
	: "Clean, usually can find a seat, can get Airbears, really sweet owners!  \n\nThe only available bathroom requires walking all the way around Musical Offering and behind the building... just hold it and go across the street to Eshelman Hall.  \n\nTheir coffee is decent - definitely a safe place to grab coffee in between classes.  Specifically I am talking about the soy latte.  \n\nAs for the food, I think the original concept of the Bulgolgi sandwich was super exciting to me!  I'm not sure if the novelty has worn off, but it didn't seem to be as good the last time I had it.  At 5.50 for a regular size, the price is not bad.  It's definitely still yummy, but it's not as good as it used to be.\n\nThe spicy rice cakes are pretty good too.  I think they are 6.50.  I love how hot it is, but it's a little too sweet for my taste.  However I don't think the sweetness is out of the ordinary.  I like sharing a plate of the rice cakes and sharing a bulgogi sandwich for a satisfying meal on a cold day :)"
	: "Lobster is expensive people - period - so yes, you will spend more at this food truck than some of the others.  But it is worth it!  Just went back for my second visit to the Lobsta Love truck.  first time I ws offered a free sample of chowder, and purchased a lobster slider.  The roll that is comes on is amazing - and I was surprised by the significant amount of lobster in the slider.  Plus, it came with a side of chips.  So for $6, not a bad deal.  Today, I was offered a free shot of the bisque.  It was really, really good with lots of lobster peices.  I then ordered the lobster roll for $15.  It's your typical hot dog roll (I do prefer the roll that the slider comes on) and is packed full of meat.  Overflowing, in fact, so I used my side of chips to scoop up the extra meat.  Mmmmm.  Tempted to go try a crab slider next..."
	: "Isn't the cupcake craze like so 2010?\n\nAnyways, this place being in La Jolla has a ridiculous line some times. Yuppies....ugh. But I can't complain because the cupcakes are solid. \n\nGimmicks work, secret phrase please. \n\nPrice be damned.....I want double wrapped diabetic goodness."
	: "The Gods have answered my prayers: I can now get coffee from somewhere other than Starbucks!  This place is good, though not as awesome as the center city location.  The service is friendly, the chocolate is great (try the Bangkok), the coffee is great (my server had insight on the fact that Starbucks burns their coffee; good sign!), cupcakes are something to return for, and the hot chocolates (European style only plz) will coat your throat for the entire day.  2 thumbs up!"
	: "arguably best wings in NJ, probably up there with most. this is a little hole in the wall joint that serves great wings and cheese fries among other stuff, but since i have only eaten the wings and fries i cannot comment. just the right amount of sauce and crispiness.  the guy who runs it is friendly.  every time i go to princeton, if its open, i am getting wings.  sometimes take 50 to go and drive back to NYC.  that trip is trouble, especially if there is traffic, car smells so good that i cannot resist and end up with wing sauce all over me while waiting at the tunnel.  interesting fact - formally owned by the menendez brothers. some people like George's better, bigger and plumper wings, but there is something about Chuck's that brings me back every time."
	: "These are the best wings you're going to find in LA. The Original or Cajun are the only flavors worth getting. The others are fun, but not as good. It is not possible to eat Atomic wings. \n\nAs for long waits, I've never had a problem. Of course they cook them when you order so it always takes \"14 minutes.\" Just call ahead or order online and you'll never have a problem.\n\nThey also have awesome fries.\n\nThis is the best food for watching football or basketball :)"
	: "Decent spot.. Went on a Sunday night, place was empty which was nice.. Staff was nice enough-my only complaint was the music the bartender had blaring-holy shit I felt like I was in the suburbs in some lonely/angry white teenagers basement.. The music made limp bizkit sound good-it was that kinda stuff-horrible rock with corny raps on it.. Get a jukebox or somebody with some taste in music. I'd debate on going back just cuz of the music."
	: "Written 10/6/08 before move to Main St. \n\nMy wife and I arrived with another couple at our appointed time and were quickly seated. The dining room is quite small but warmly appointed. \n\nOur waiter was excellent; friendly, knowledgeable, self effacing, there when we needed him and not when we didn't. \n\nTwo things at Craigie can conspire against the unadventurous. One, the menu is short. And two, they serve a fair amount of offal. \n\nThe American Heritage Dictionary defines offal as (1) Waste parts, especially of a butchered animal; (2) Refuse; rubbish. \n\nFoodies will agree that this is an awful definition for what can arguably be some of the best food on the planet, especially in the skilled hands of the folks at Craigie. \n\nExamples of the offal on Craigie's menu last weekend: \n\n1. Beef marrow - offered as an appetizer. \n2. Cocks' combs - also an appetizer. \n3. Sweetbreads - an appetizer you guess? Wrong, an entree! \n4. Cod cheeks - okay, not actually offal but it sounds like it. \n\nThe food was so good that I wished for more variety but I was delighted by my two choices, cocks' combs and sweetbreads. The cocks' combs were served as a ragout with mushrooms, in-house sausage and a poached egg. The sweetbreads were perfect as well. Served with a deliciously rich brown sauce. The only knock on this dish is there wasn't much else on the plate besides the sweetbreads. My wife had them as well and she felt a bit overwhelmed by the amount and the lack of sides. \n\nI wish I had the ability to wax more poetically about my first experience here. My final analysis is that it was a wonderful experience and one I highly recommend. If you love food and are willing to go out on a limb, you'll love Craigie Street Bistro."
	: "I am from LA and I was Visiting a business client. they suggested this place stating that it had good Italian food. the place is worse than olive garden. The food is below average and tastes nothing like Italian. Definitely not \"Home maid\""
	: "The beef pad see-ew here was the first I ever tried and it got me hooked! It's the default thing for me to order now every time I go to a Thai restaurant. The pad thai is also pretty good. \n\nI've gotten some really great servers with a lot of personality in the past. Some other servers are just nice, but don't talk too much.\n\nOne observation: When you order food to go, the portions are pretty reduced. One time though, I asked for my pad see-ew to be packed in a vertical container of some sort because I was riding a bike home (and didn't want to dump the regular flat to-go container in my backpack), and to my surprise, the portion seemed bigger as it was packed in a taller soup container."
	: "Ledo Haiku\n\nNot what's expected\nLiked toasted ravioli\nYum sauce, not much else"
	: "I love novelty shops. This one had a cat woman mask for 10 bucks or some shit. That gives it five stars. Bitchin'."
	: "Cash only, but nice atmosphere and good food. The menu includes noodles of all sorts and sizes. This place easily gets crowded with youngsters and business people. The service is okay, but not great. The combo pho was pretty good and so is the seafood pho at around seven dollars a piece."
	: "I have been going to this local favorite italian place on Lake in Pasadena for a few years now and they have always been very consistent.  The owner is always there and the staffs are all knowledgeable and friendly.  My favorite meal over there goes like this.. Mozzarella & Tomatoes (Caprise) or Mushroom souffle as appetizer, Squid Ink Spaghetti (it's really way better than it looks or sounds), and the panna cotta for dessert.  We always have a good time there and esp enjoy sitting outside on a nice sunny california day."
	: "First time here as a few of my friends live in the neighborhood, and I loved it!\nThe food was delicious and inventive and the service was casual and friendly.  There was short wait for a table which we didn't mind at all, and relaxed at the bar for a drink while we waited.  I have to say it is a nice little bar and the bartender was great.  This is exactly the kind of neighhborhood placeI love to find in NYC.   I will definitely be back and might possibly make the trip uptown for it!"
	: "I loved the food the first time around! Granted I wasn't exactly sober (it was Erin Express!!), but the Willie burger was perfectly cooked - medium rare. I also tried two sides: mac & cheese and the chicken smoked rice. The mac & cheese was okay. Nothing special, not really worth the $3.75 price tag. The rice I thought was too dry and hard/crispy. But the burger just left a great impression.\n\nCame back here again and ordered the brisket platter with cornbread, mashed potatoes, and fried okra. The brisket was very dry (yet oily, is that possible?) and stringy. I had to use a lot of the XXX and sweet sauce to get some flavor. The amount of brisket was surprisingly small - about the size of a side. \n\nThe mashed potatoes were really good. I usually like my mashed potatoes super creamy, but this one had some lumps and skins & I still loved it.\n\nThe fried okra was over-fried and too crunchy. The cornbread looked off. I almost expected it to taste like carrot cake and have raisins because it wasn't the usual cornmeal yellow.\n\nI would give this place a 2.5, but because I really liked that burger and the waiters were attentive & pleasant, I'm gonna round that up to a 3."
	: "Along with the Statue of Liberty, this place probably also gets filed under \"New York Landmarks That Most New Yorkers Have Never Been To\". But they should! Check out George Carlin's childhood neighborhood and see a true American hero's resting place. It is a very nice building and park, perfect for exploring on a nice day. Enjoy!\n\nTo hell with Robert E. Lee! General Grant is the man!"
	: "I wouldn't try the omelets here, and the potatoes aren't anything special. The Portuguese sausage is actually quite good, and, according to my girlfriend, the french toast was nicely done. I will review again once I've had the pancakes. Service was excellent."
	: "Spagetti and meatballs are delish!\n\nThis place is a go-to when im in the area. Ive never been at a time when theres no line and its a little crazy but well worth it!"
	: "The Border cafe is a great place for cheap good eats.  It's tex-mex not Mexican food.  Great Margaritas, fajitas, fish tacos,  fresh made chips.  There are huge waits on the weekend.  Service is usually excellent.  Atmosphere is fun.  This is a good place for a large group as they have some big round tables.  Some tips are:  If you are in a rush and there's a wait, ask for the no alcohol section.  You can usually sit right down.  The mix chicken/steak fajitas are a great deal.  Lot's of food."
	: "Captain Seaweed must have loved to swim, because this is a dive.\nThink a shoddy, nautically themed Mos Eisley Cantina located on the all-of-a-sudden lively corner of WIlliams and Ives. I have seen Han Solo blast Greedo in here, scattering his alien remains along the stuffed faux mako shark on the wall.  The wreckage of fake sea vessels adorn the woodwork. $1 plastic cup drafts. Weirdos, drunks, old folks, dock workers, students.  Great patio. Perfect."
	: "They have new specials every week featuring local produce.  Over the summer thay had a tomato plate with nice fried green tomatoes, heirloom tomatoes, mozzarella and baby greens that was fantastic.  I'm also a big fan of the pasta primavera, but I would like a crustier bread with their soupy sauce."
	: "I came here with my sister-in-law for pre-wedding mani/pedis.  There was a group of about 6 of us, including an 8 year old.  We had made appointments and they were pretty good about getting us all done in a reasonable amount of time.  There was a lot of staff and all 8-10 pedi chairs were full and people were working hard.  My only complaint was they didn't put us all near each other in the pedi chairs so it was a bit awkward.\n\nThe pedicure lasted quite a long time and was great.  The manicure lasted an average amount of time, but I'm terrible about chipping my nails.  Their prices were reasonable and it seemed like coupons were easy to come by.  The place was very clean and well maintained."
	: "Pretty good cappuccinos and delicious chocolate desserts, but just WAY too expensive. I'd rather support a cute mom and pop sort of joint than pay the ridiculous prices here. That or just make my own yummy desserts. Yeah they may not be as pretty as what Finale puts out, but I bet they'd taste almost as good."
	: "one piece of frozen broccoli. something that resembled cat puke on steamed cabbage. never ever again."
	: "Elegant with eclectic hues, Elaine's  has a welcoming aura for  all age groups & styles.  This isn't necessarily a \"jacket required\" establishment because I've seen people with casual shorts and a nice shirt or top.  \n\nElaine's does harbor class and sophistication as does those who patronize the restaurant, but the cool thing about  this place is that their servers are allowed to where nose rings and those round ear discs.  A very different kind of fine dining.  This does not by any means take away from the fine style and service that Elaine's offers.\n\nI had a delicious roasted chicken with mashed potatoes and a lovely strawberry shortbread cake with creme fraiche for dessert.  The wine was selected by Phillip the bar dream-- I believe it was a Riesling. The meal was lovely-- ask for Phillip at the bar or his section near the bar-- he's a good friend of mine-- he will make you feel at home and special.\n\nThrough Phillip I've met Mike and GJ-- two other very awesome servers.  They will take excellent care of you as well."
	: "All things considered this place is pretty good for the price and area. Enjoyed falafel and tabouleh here on more than one occasion and it was clean and i found seating. Will stop in again"
	: "Mediocre Thai food.  Nothing special to report here."
	: "I love the service and the food....\n\nWolfgang Pizza is the BESTEST.... I can't understand how 100% Organic food taste sooooooo Good.... \n\nMy new weekend retreat.... A must visit..."
	: "WHen I moved to LA almost a year ago, one of the hardest things for me to get accustomed to was that there wasn't a Target right down the street. However, with the opening of City Target this past week - there now is! And I am happy!\n\nI've checked this place out a couple times so far and it's definitely a nice to have! \n\nI'm happy I live walking distance. I have driven twice - but the parking garage isn't huge. It's also shared with Ralph's, so it's crowded. Once a new store moves in to where Best Buy was, I can see this lot becoming  a mini nightmare. There's an upper and lower lot; I personally prefer the upper... but park where ever you can. If they're full, signs will be out and you'll have to street park.\n\nOK- enough about parking. Like a few other reviews noted, I thought prices were slightly higher here than at the larger stores.. Maybe around 30 cents - $1.50. Not a huge deal if you're buying one or two things, but if I'm going to go for a major shop, I'll likely still drive to another Target.\n\nLots of staff on hand this week who are helpful at advising where things are. So far - a great addition to the neighborhood."
	: "Maybe my last 6 years in SF have tainted me but What a huge let down...\n\nThe food was really heavy, a lot of flavor but in some dish and not enough in others. My hanger steak was pretty good but there was way to much peppercorn, seriously I started coughing on a few bites. My wifes fish on the other hand had no taste, Or friends got the duck which was ok and the chicken which was good but no better then a 10 dollar whole chicken from russo's or whole foods. These are $30-38 entrees they really need to step it up. The Service was good but for $60+ per person the food fell way short. I am not sure what all the hype is a bout but I would skip this joint for sure.\n\nSECOND VISIT\nI need to add to my post and have added 2 stars, after my 1st  review I was contacted by the owner, they comped us another meal and this time it was much better. I had chicken 3 ways and wife had the fish special both were very good. Our drinks apps and dessert were also very good. \n\nOn another note local business should pay much closer attention to their reviews. Cragie definitely cares about this and value their customers experience."
	: "Great salon!  I love Yalaney and miss her terribly as my hair stylist now that I have moved away from LA.  She would highlight and cut my hair and always did a perfect job, and I am uber picky when it comes to my hair.  I tried the other places in Westwood and was less than impressed until I tried Henri's.  Great salon, great location, and thursday nights after 5ish they serve margaritas! How can you go wrong with that?!?!"
	: "This is one of LA's under appreciated museums. Everyone should come here at least once. Right now they have an exhibit called Sonic Scenery. This is an amazing exhibit, they asked different artist form the LA area of compose pieces based on the different display galleries. You can either download the music for free to your ipod or rent a headset at the museum for three dollars. This lets you experience the exhibits in a whole different way.\nSee it before it closes!"
	: "Urban Outfitters in general has plenty of fun stuff, great to pick up one or two items that are very \"of the moment\" knowing that moment will pass.  But what's great about this location is the discount basement.  It's very hit or miss but I've SCORED some great deals there - and it's always on clothing that people ask me about for years afterwards."
	: "So, I am in a good mood today, hard not to be when you're enjoying yet another day in Paradise.  Ahhh, sunny SoCal! :)\nI was taken to lunch at RFD today by my dear friend. I have been a vegetarian for 30 years, and he thought I would like this organic vegan restaurant.  He was right. Normally, I am not a fan of vegan food. I have had more than my fair share of bad \"mock meatloaf.\" Imagine my surprise then when my meal turned out to be awesome--and that's not all.\nFirst I ordered a cup of Jasmine tea from our WONDERFUL server, Steva (Celtic for Steven). What a sweeheart he was. I am married to a Chinese man, so I am very picky about my green tea being good quality. It was very tasty, decent grade Jasmine. Steva made sure my water refills were hot, in a new cup, something I am keen on. Sounds picky I know, but it was a detail he picked up on, without my having to ask for. I like conscientious servers. \nFrom there, I decided on the BLT Wrap (which was hysterical, because normally I would not be caught dead eating a \"wrap\").  My friend ordered the Total Rueben. The food came quickly, to my delight, as I was starving. My plate was piled high with a wrap that consisted of a thin (yum) spinach tortilla enveloping proportionate amounts of dark lettuce (read: not a mountain of crappy iceburg), chopped tomatoes, tremendous, crispy seitan bacon and a lovely chipotle mayo.  It also came with a vegan Caesar that was delish. My friend wasn't as thrilled with his lunch, and I can see why (hence, the four stars). His Rueben was anything but \"total.\" It was a wee thing, very thin, with stringy looking sauerkraut, tempeh, some 1000 Island dressing (can't believe they still make that stuff) and a meager salad. It definitely could have been more bountiful, which we pointed out to Steva. Anyhoo, I ate my entire plate of food, except for the salad which I gave to my hungry friend. \nWe then decided to order the Gluten Free Double Layer Chocolate Cake w/Raspberry Filling to split. Glad I didn't order a whole piece. Just so-so. I'm a baker, and I found it lackluster. Plus, I work in a European bakery, so I'm used to top-notch pastries, so my barometer isn't really unbiased, in fairness to RFD. The only other thing we commented on was the God-awful Muzac playing in the background.  Eddie Money???  Seriously? How about some jazz? Something unobtrusive. Or light classical? Or contemporary music?  Even hip hop would be fine. But EDDIE MONEY?? \nIn summary: the space is lovely, the food is good, the service we got was excellent, the prices were high but my food was plentiful and after all, this is SoCal and it is organic vegan food, so there ya go.  It ain't Taco Bell.  I definitely recommend this place, and I would definitely go back.  Thank you RFD for a nice experience and a nice afternoon!  :)"
	: "I tried out there 7 day guest pass and I immediately fell in love w/ this place.  The moment I walked in, the facility has all the state of the art equipment, bunch of great group classes, knowledgeable staff , easy parking access, and most importantly ....very clean!    The gym's atmosphere has that feeling your at the Hyatt hotel's gym :simple , clean , & cozy."
	: "This is a decent place for a mid-range lunch.  I had the chicken Caesar wrap and a bottle of Arizona tea.  It's quiet, nice furniture.  I thought it was a chain, but apparently not.  \n\nJust outside the place is a bus stop where a lot of the Kitchener derelicts seem to congregate.  Not that this is a bad thing.  Sometimes it's nice to be able to have a meal and watch the Freaks on the Street.  \n\nThe folks at the counter were nice.  Overall, an average place to have a meal and coffee, close to the Children's Museum."
	: "Truluck's string fries are my favorite kind of fries (yes, over truffle fries and duck fat fries and sweet potato fries and whatever else kind of fries you throw at me). But my friend told me they changed it??? I need to go back and make sure it's not true!\n\nI love their happy hour menu (crabcake sliders!)\n\nThe drinks are fabulous as well. Last time, the waitress suggested Red Door for my friend and we ordered a whole round of those after our mojitos. Delish!"
	: "Not bad.  the cakes are pretty moist and not too sweet.  Most cupcakes hammer you with sugar, so this is a refreshing break from that.  The downside is that the frosting is not as creamy as I like and the flavors are not as distinctive as I prefer.  They have interesting sounding flavors, but they don't pop as much as some of my favorite places."
	: "For coffee I'd rather go to Philz. But Milano's is super convenient if I just want to study in between classes since it's so close to campus!\n\nAnd I LOVE the sandwiches here. The turkey pesto is so delicious and cheesey and bell-peppery. And hot. \n\nI'm eating it right now. And it's $6.\n\nOh yeah, their cappuccino's are cute because they make designs in them. They put a happy face in mine!"
	: "Pretty good cupcakes and baked goods.  Sub par gelato, but I guess they tried.  I also have a feeling that all their \"organic\" stuff isn't really certified organic and they are just trying to be trendy.  Their clientel is really obnoxious though, so don't say I didn't warn you."
	: "Came here for brunch, and while there was a 40-minute wait, it was so worth it. Their amazing bloody marys helped keep me company as my friends waited to be seated. Once seated, we were treated to a slightly wacky ambiance, and served by hipsters. I ordered the incredibly delicious smoked salmon benedict and a side of sweet potato fries to die for. This is a real gem."
	: "4 paws for this oriental delight.\nIt wasnt an upscale place but still tasty. The curry I had wasnt as spicy as I wouldve liked, but nothing some siracha sauce couldnt fix!\nIt was meaty and with lots of vegies.\nI went with my friend who had the pork friend rice (I secretly wanted to try it)\nIt looked and smelled good. Very nicely sized portion too.\nIf im ever in that area I would definitely try it again."
	: "This Yogurtland is very small. It's located right in the heart of Westwood Village, so parking is a pain in the butt. The free lot before 6p in on Broxton so it's a little far to walk just for yogurt, but at least it is free. \nSometimes this location has flavors in its rotation that aren't at the others. Usually I come here after dinner somewhere else in the village. \nthe staff is really nice and they make sure the tiny store is kept clean.\nIt does get to be a pain when you want to sample the flavors because the store is so small, there are so many people in line to get their yogurt."
	: "We'd heard some good things about the Commons, but frankly it was a bit of a disappointment. There were a lot of panhandlers (some dude asked my daughter for 75 cents), burnt-out looking hippies and shuttered stores. A concert was scheduled, but only six or seven people were in attendance. It all seemed a little sad and desperate. \n\nI must say that Angry Mom's Records was awesome though, an incredible selection of rare and obscure LPs, so if you are there and music is your thing, check it out.\n\nOtherwise ... meh."
	: "Love the food there. Sandwiches are great and cheap. The restaurant has its own personality (very interestingly decorated). Chill atmosphere, good music, nice food, and fast service. They also have a bar in the restaurant and a separate concert space. Cool place. Check it out."
	: "Tried Lemonade for the first time today. I agree with Claudia L. It was good, not the best, but good. Worth another visit to see if I can find something that has more zing. Read my review here: http://cobblersknob.blogspot.com/2012/02/just-tried-lemonade-in-pasadena.html"
	: "This place is super! And literally right next door to my apartment. It also has the added benefit of being efficient at providing drinks when I'm trying to rush to school in the morning, and the best part? BREAKFAST TACOOOOOOSSSS.\n\nSo the coffee here: consistently good, and I've never had a cup that wasn't fresh-tasting or adequately hot. I also really like their selection of tea. I don't know what brand it is, but they have really interesting ones like ginger-peach-blah blah blah and I think I saw a \"flowering\" tea on the menu that I have yet to try, since I'm usually pressed for time. I don't usually drink lattes or other milky stuff but I once had a mocha that was pretty good. \n\nAnd the breakfast tacos are yummmmmy. You can order 2 3-ingredient tacos and a coffee or tea for $5, and they custom make your tacos! No old eggs sittin' around getting gross. Plus they really don't take that long - maybe 10 minutes at the height of their morning rush, but usually more like 5 minutes. I like their ingredient options - they have things like organic spinach, avocado, and really good whole-wheat tortillas, in addition to standards, so you can mix it up. Recommended: avocado, potato and cheese, or spinach, egg and cheese. Their salsa is also pretty good but comes in those annoying and wasteful tiny containers.  While I know that having a big bowl of salsa out might violate some health codes or something, I really hate throwing away plastic needlessly. \n\nIn addition to breakfast tacos, they have bigger plates of breakfast food and other cafe standards like pastries and cookies and little cakes and stuff. I've tried their croissants (made by a local bakery, I forget which one), which are ok...not that memorable. \n\nThe seating arrangements are nice. They have a variety of tables and couches, so you can have your pick whether you're working on a laptop or just settling in for a sit-down. It usually isn't TOO crowded, and I've never had a problem finding a seat. I would also recommend this place over George's (right across the street in the law school), because it feels less stressed out and the quality is definitely better. The one thing I wish they had was a better bike rack (or any bike rack in the front!)...but other than that, this place pleases me!"
	: "i take my doggies to this park all the time and never had a problem...i like it better than the Rancho dog park and i think it looks pretty well maintained. people are always friendly here and i never had problem with any other dogs attacking me or my dogs :) \n\nall in all, not a bad place to bring your pooch. separate small and large dog areas, although i'm not sure anyone abides by that rule...i tried keeping my dogs in the small area but they were able to easily maneuver themselves to the bigger dog area, which they seem to love and no one else has a problem with."
	: "Go for the Jazz singer, stay for the food!\n\nWe chose to eat at a table in the bar area, since the wonderful blonde singer (Kim, I'm told) drew our attention as we came into the place. This was more comfortable than a typical 'eat at the bar' experience. With its eclectic, exotic style, you feel like you've been somewhere special. \n\nThe excellent musical trio fit this atmosphere. The female vocalist's stylish edge fit the image of a jazz bombshell, and her voice reminded you how the classics got that way -- could have stayed all night.  \n\nThe food did not disappoint. The serving of spicy shrimp and sesame chicken was immense, took half home. It was delicately spiced with perfectly cooked (crisp) vegetables. The option for brown rice is a nice, healthy addition. My friend had the duck, which I think was an appetizer; it was not as large a serving, but superb in the taste department. We had martinis. Ruby Red is delicious; they are rather small for the price, but after a couple, who's counting?\n\nOverall, we enjoyed a great night at Jacky's Waterplace. The large dining room is beautiful, and we'll sit out there next time, maybe with a group."
	: "honestly i think this place is pretty freaking expensive for the crap they give you. what happened to the \"old (soy sauce mix)\" boiled egg thing?? and the sour vegetable with mince meat??? is it only an LA thing? \n\nthe chicken tastes the same as all the other asian drink places. but it comes with this crappy ass mixed vege thing straight from the frozen vege bag. wtf. and i dont remember what the other side (if there is one) was. i never come here anymore. blah"
	: "As I sat at the bar and struck up a conversation with a new \"bar friend\" He asked a very simple question.....\"Why is Taco Mac called Taco Mac, when they mostly sell Chicken Wings?\"\n\nAnyhoo, I've never been impressed by Taco Mac. I ordered a Newcastle beer and a Steak Salad, I wanted my dressing on the side BUT got a salad dripping in dressing --- I sent it back and waited patiently another 30mins for another salad.  The waiter/bartender offered me a free beer (another Newcastle) for my trouble (that was nice of him) But the salad was so unsatisfying. When I got my bill all I can think about was the fact that the salads at Wendy's are much better (and cheaper). \n\nDoes anyone know why they call TACO MAC, TACO MAC??"
	: "This is a great study spot but I would not be here if not for the free wi-fi. If you think this is good boba.. you haven't tried honey boba that's chewy and sweet. This boba unfortunately falls short, due to inconsistency in the quality of their boba. Sometimes hard, sometimes chewy, sometimes a combination of the two. I'm sorry but I can't call this real boba."
	: "I'd really like to like this place, and I had a decent experience, but I wasn't impressed.  The noodles are okay, the menu selection a bit weird, and the overall feel was less than excellent.  It's not bad for Ann Arbor, but I've been to lots of similar places in other towns that were better, but themselves only average in the grand scheme of things.  So what I'm saying is, \"Meh, I've experienced better.\" but that doesn't I mean I wouldn't come here as long as I were stuck in Ann Arbor."
	: "I always forget this is a deli too. I was disappointed in the bagel selection. I had been informed by everyone and their mom when I arrived in Morningside Heights that Nussbaum was the place to go for a myriad of bagels and cream cheeses. But sadly, there were no blueberry bagels that I had been longing for, and I settled for Cinnamon Raisin. The bagels are great, as is the hot chocolate, and it's a great spot when the weather's good to sit outside over a cup of coffee with a friend or even read the newspaper by yourself. But don't go here on a weekend morning - you'll be waiting in line until the next morning."
	: "I don't often bother to review restaurants that already have many reviews, but we had a such a nice dinner there tonight that it merits a positive review.  We have eaten at Buona Tavola a number of times over the last 13 years we have lived in SLO, and it has been consistently good.  I would say the food and service this evening were as good as we have experienced in SLO.  The location of the restaurant (right next to the Fremont Theater) and the intimate interior space of the restaurant make for a wonderful atmosphere.  In warm weather, we love the back patio, but on this rainy evening we enjoyed the view of Monterey Street from the huge picture windows in the front of the restaurant.  As vegans (most of the time), we were pleased with the number of vegetarian choices offered on the menu.  Rita had the price fixed special with wine pairings, and was able to order a vegetarian dish for each of her three courses (a lentil soup, an eggplant pasta dish, and a mushroom risotto, all excellent).  I had the penne all'arrabbiata, also excellent.  The dishes may look small, but we found them quite filling.  Wonderful desserts  as well -- I had the Tartufo Italiano Al Cioccolato (chocolate gelato with hazelnuts and espresso -- not vegan, I know), and Rita had a special dessert, a lemon torte.  This probably is the best \"date\" restaurant in SLO.  A little pricey, but a friendly, warm place that did not leave me feeling ripped off."
	: "What I was served was not a proper flat white but the cafe was lovely and the coffee good anyway."
	: "In their defense, the Varsity has an interesting building with that sort of 50's diner feel, although I wouldn't call it quaint or anything since it is so huge. The only reason I went there is cause I saw it on TV on \"diner's driveins and dives, and thought it looked interesting. That is the only reason I went. Unfortunatley, I didn't read any of the yelp reviews before I went. \n\nThis was absolutely the worst fast food I have ever had. Ever. No, I really do mean ever. The fries came in a lump of soggy grease and were so limp that I could not even pick them up to get ketchup on them to hide how disgusting they tasted. The burger was so dry that I had to take a sip of my drink with each bite just to keep from choking. I threw most of the food away. The ONLY good thing I had was lemon ice cream, which was pretty fucking over-priced (4 dollars for 2 tiny scoops) the only reason I got the ice cream was to get the taste of the burger out of my mouth. I can't believe this place has been in business for this long, apparently there aren't that many fast food places in downtown Atlanta (otherwise this place would have gone out of business decades ago) or else maybe this is the type of food that people in the south like, I don't know, and I don't care, I just know that I will never be back again.\n\nTo sum it up I'll say go if you want to \"say you've been there\" but for the food, skip it and go to McDonald's"
	: "I somehow always come back to Hair International. Lili has been my hairstylist for about 4 years and I cannot complain. She always gets my hair/color right on point. She always asks questions to get the style just right, very attentive to detail. If you want something done right I highly recommend this hair salon and Lili."
	: "I have heard about this place...stuck downtown last week during traffic...so I decide to give it a shot....I get the two meat plate so I can try more than one meat...I get that and order a soda....$17....really...$17!?!?!?!?!?! Pre-Katrina New Orleans you get a hooker with knee pads for $17!!! Anyways....i ordered thr turkey and sausage...with bbq beans and mashed potatoes....well the dr. pepper was good!!!!!! the turkey was almost undercooked...chewy turkey is not good,...the beans were ok...nothing special...and the taters had as much flavor as cardboard...the sausage was pretty good...but it was Elgin Sausage....so that means all they did was heat up someone else's sausage (my mind suddenly drifts back to New Orleans)...did i really just say 'heat up someone else's sausage?\"   the bbq here was by far the worst i have ever had, over priced and service blew. (but not like pre-katrina) ha"
	: "I came here with my fiance and his family for my fiance's birthday and we had a good time.\n\nThe staff was genuinely nice and courteous.  We didn't have an appointment but we didn't get any death glares or stink faces from anyone, which was nice.\n\nWe were seated in less than 10 min.s and still received with excellent service.  My fiance's sister was concerned that there was no eggplant in her dish and the server reassured her that there was (it was just small) and even brought out an extra dish of eggplant at no charge.\n\nThe food was great.  Not to die for, but great.  Now their salad was so delicious, I'm craving it as I type.\n\nThe atmosphere was nice as well, they had interesting pictures everywhere which made for funny moments at our table.\n\nI definitely recommend this place to anyone who is curious about the restaurant."
	: "Salento was the spot of a great BYO with a few friends at the end of the past school year.  At the beginning of May (on a Wednesday night, no less) a few friends and I went, bottle of brandy and port in hand, to Salento, where we were graciously seated and began our night of fun and liquor. \n\nThe waiter was a phenomenal gentleman, and we were very pleased needless to say, when he brought over a complimentary tiramisu for us with shot glasses for our brandy.  Whereas most upscale BYO's tend to shirk at hard liquor such as brandy, at Salento we felt welcome with it.\n\nThe food itself was exemplary, and Salento would be worthy of five stars even without the BYO aspect of the restaurant because the food is just that good; a friend of mine when she heard we were going to Salento remarked that the restaurant was so good that last time she didn't even drink there because she wanted to taste it sober- needless to say she was not disappointed.\n\nThe restaurant was quite spacious, and there looked to be a nice room in the back for private functions, and (very importantly) the bathrooms were quite immaculate and modern.\n\nOverall, I would not hesitate to recommend Salento as an Italian restaurant of one of the absolute best BYO's in Philly."
	: "My husband and I have been oogling this place from afar for a few months now and last night we finally gave in a went. We were pleasantly surprised by the whole thing. It was very busy, but the atmosphere was nice and we got a table right away. The waitstaff was helpful and attentive and we were able to order and get our food quickly despite that restaurant being very busy. The ordering process was similar to a sushi bar in which you fill out a piece of paper on what you want on your burger ranging from type of meat, toppings, sauces and sides. We were both anticipating enormous portions, but were pleasantly surprised by the \"normal\" food portion that came out. My burger was delicious and so was the coleslaw I ordered on the side. We were also there in time to hear some music from a live DJ. He was spinning clever hip hop/dance remixes using Al Green and Pete Rock and CL Smooth tracks. Brought me back to my high school years. Yum."
	: "Both girlfriend and pom Penny had a great day at Stanford Shopping Center. It was a nice day and my girlfriend had the itch to go shopping. Even with all the stores, I was getting bored of walking around our usual shopping places, Union Square, Stonestown, Serramonte, Valley Fair in San Jose, Hillsdale, and Tanforan. So I suggest Stanford Shopping Center and decided to take pom Penny along for the trip since the mall was outdoor. \n\nBoth of my girls (gf and Penny) loved it. Penny loved seeing all of the other dogs and her yappy-self announced her excitement to everyone and every dog multiple times. She made a pom friend that day and found Sprinkles. Gf had a lot of fun too, LV, Tiffany, Sephora, Bloomingdales, Neiman Marcus, were within a couple minute walk of each other. \n\nWhat I recommend:\n\n-- great place to shop on a nice day"
	: "Under a black light your teeth will glow, lint on your dark shirt will glow, shoe laces will glow - and if you do it right @ blacklight bowling your conversation with friends will have incandescence to it as well. Glow-in-the-dark bowling at the union is one of my favorite places to take someone I want to hang with and get good conversations going; it doesn't have the time-pressure of a restaurant & is a lot easier to talk at than your standard everybody-has-a-laptop-out-or-there-is-loud-music-blazing coffee shop. Plus, I am a totally rotten bowler so my friends always get to win! There is the thrill of an unexpected strike, a chance at playful conversation, and glow-in-the-dark smiles-- what's not to love?"
	: "First of all --these sandwiches taste like nothing. OK, they taste like fattening mayo and dull, crunchy iceburg lettuce. This to me is the epitome of bland American fare.... no culinary flare whatsoever and so unhealthy for you. \n\nIt's a shame that people can't find a more delicious sandwich option in town. We have so many! If the only reason you like this place is because it's fast... then I'm sorry."
	: "yes, this is a starbucks.  it is in a hotel.  i like this particular location for getting work done.  it's small, and the employees are relatively nice.  it's also good for getting a frappuccino on the way to the t.  there are also couch-like seats immediately outside of the starbucks itself."
	: "Nice sized rooms, but definitely not plush. No robes. No full length mirrors. Our suite had a living room with a couch plus two chairs, but all the seating was rather worn and uncomfortable. After housekeeping did their thing, the room smelled really musty (like dirty water...ew!) \n\nWe ordered room service for breakfast twice. The first time I was really pleased with my french toast, but the second time, I was totally disappointed with my doughy, lead-like pancakes. Also, it's too bad the the syrup comes in little tiny Aunt Jemima packets and the cream comes in little containers. Room service is way too expensive for this McDonald's experience. Not to mention, McDonald's pancakes taste better!\n\nThe elevator to the roof thing that they are so proud of hadn't been working for three weeks when we were there. \n\nSo, in conclusion, there are several signs that point to fancy pants hotel (Elizabeth Arden Red Door Spa, McCormick & Schmick's), but the hotel drops the ball on upkeep and details (see Aunt Jemima syrup packets)."
	: "Great place for poor students like myself\nmost dishes are around 5 bucks and the taste is ok\n\nthe service is great\nmost employers are very friendly \nonce they even gave me free bowl of white rice :D\n\nEven though the place isn't that clean, well it's Berkeley...\nif you can't stand this, you should consider living somewhere else"
	: "Fantastic atmosphere, reasonable prices, and terrible service. I felt like the bartender was actively angry to have us, the paying customers, there, and would do anything to make sure we left. We left alright, a 1 dollar tip on a 10 dollar bill. This bar is exactly what Troy needs, except for the shitty service. \n\nAwesome bar, will not return until they fire the bitchy bartenders, and I spend alot at bars."
	: "Perfect night out.. \n\nAppetizers: boneless buffalo wings with blue cheese, nachos, and calamari. The Calamari had a mexican food twist to it almost. The nacho's were so good that I saw them on another table walking in and decided to order them.\n\nI had the blonde beer and then the buffalo buffalo wing salad. So yummy and perfectly spiced for me, which means mild but I was sweating. \n\nI would def go there again if I was in the hood. 6 of us ate, drank and got aps for $160, not too shabby."
	: "I cannot recommend this salon highly enough. It is the only place I will go in Providence at this point. I've come to Ky countless times after having done something stupid to my hair and he always fixes me up to T, and the compliments just come streaming in thereafter! \nAfter finding Ky Michael's Salon, for the first time I look forward to getting my hair cut."
	: "hm, others seem have experienced some sketchiness here, but it's been nothing but good times for me.  the food has always been good and affordable.  i will have to return and then write a more quality review."
	: "Pretty greasy, but I rate Roti Roll above the Kati Roll Company. They've got more variety, but I feel like you get a better deal for the cash you fork over. I probably go here far too often... sigh. Recommend the aloo masala and the paneer frankies - don't get more than two if you have any plans of moving after you eat."
	: "So glad we stopped in to Splash Cafe as the food was super delicious and inexpensive! Ironically enough we came here a few days after visiting Boston and can honestly say that Splash's chowdah is every bit as good as Boston chowdah! I also added the extra crab and shrimp topping on to my chowder for only $1 more and it was quite an extra heaping of seafood. The bread bowl it was served in was warm and crispy and they also toasted the piece of the bread they take out to make room for the soup. The host and waitress were extremely friendly and the establishment was clean. I highly recommend for super satisfying meal and experience!"
	: "This place is kind of Collegy, and I didnt feel so welcome being that I'm a thirty year old great granddad...lol_  But, overall, I must say that these quaint towns make carbs taste like heaven.  The pancakes are amazing.  BUT, the eggs, and turkey sausage that I had tasted like something that I would if I was slightly hung over after a night of drunkenness, perfect for college kids..  Just not for me-  LUCKILY, the cakes were so darn good that I didnt need the sides.  YES YES YES, THOSE CAKES!!!  -Since the joint is kind of pricey, know what you want before you order, if you order out of the specials, the wait staff may price you for everything a la carte..   Peace!"
	: "So I always hunt down local cupcake shops when I travel for work and this one did not disappoint!\nMy absolute favorite was the pumpkin spice - not too sweet and the frosting was perfect; the pumpkin flavor was really showcased in this cupcake instead of being masked by cinnamon or nutmeg.\nI also tried the Chocolate Stout - didn't really stand out and I despise places that put those darn cocoa nibs on top - they really are too hard to try to chew and end up ruining any attempt to savor the cupcake flavor. The red velvet was also kinda \"meh\" - the cake was too dense and the frosting was too sugary. Regardless, I will come back to try some more flavors, they have a good thing going here ..."
	: "This is one of those great little things about Ann Arbor.  It's basically a head shop.  You know, a place where you can buy \"tobbaco\" pipes.  I bought my first \"tobbaco\" pipe from Stairway to Heaven.  Haha, get it, because selling products of or pertaining to marijuana would be illegal.  The act of simply allowing some poor 18-year-old kid to purchase a bong with his or her hard earned lawn-mowing money would cause them to fall deeply into the bottomless pit of despair that is marijuana addiction.  But hell, promoting smoking pipe tobbaco straight out of a one-hit is alright.  Stupid American draconian drug-laws.\r\n\r\nThis store also contains left-wing propaganda ranging from hilarious anti-Bush parodies to disturbing tinfoil-hat conspiracy newsletters."
	: "The food is okay.  The ambiance is okay.  The best part of the place though, hands down is the margaritas.  The queso dip and barbeque nachos are a must on the menu."
	: "This is THE Cal student hangout.  Avoid the chocolate cake, it's just okay (it was kind of dry).  Coffee's okay here, and wish there were more indoor seating.  There are warming lamps outside, but not enough!"
	: "Considering I reaaaalllyyyy need to be the mood for steak, otherwise have no interest in the steakhouse, this place does a pretty nice job. \n\nCame here for a Goodbye Dinner with co-workers. Since I was not in the mood for steak, I ordered the Crab Cakes. Whooaaa. Sooo good. A little pricey, but thankfully I wasn't buying ! \n\nI can't say much for the steak, but the appetizers were also a killer. Nice drink selection - I had a few glasses of white to go with my crab. \n\nFriendly staff with good attitudes (and we all know how important that is to me!). Very chic venue with a good crowd. This place is worth a try !"
	: "I got the pepperoni deep dish pizza here and it's just okay. It's literally nothing to write home about. I doubt I will come here again. It is not because I did not like the food, It's simply because I like to be wowed when consuming enormous amounts of calories in a meal. \n\nThe food took about fifteen minutes to get to us which isn't bad considering it's a pizza joint. Other than that, it's your standard pizza place. Parking was good because it was in a strip mall and it was close to the house which was also a plus."
	: "We had a party( ~70 people) for our daughter's first birthday/anniversary-type thing and Carlos made the whole thing a hit!\nHe was helpful with the planning right up to the morning of the party. \nHe got there early and was set up, ready to go, before our first guest arrived. \nEveryone loved the drinks.  He was fast, friendly.  \nVery professional, extremely helpful and a great bartender. \n\nBook him for your next party!"
	: "We went here when we were Rhode Island for a wedding. The food was better than suspected. Service was slow and our waiter could have been more attentive. If I ever wanted a refill on my soda, I had to go up and get it myself from the bar. That was upsetting. Also, our food took about a half hour because we came in behind a large group."
	: "Way to go messing up the orders!!! There's like 5 consecutive orders that were punched in wrong... I asked for a pastrami rueben over stuffed the guy punched in a Rachel turkey overstuffed! Well you got 2 things right the potato salad and the overstuffed part!!!\n\nMy hot sandwich was good but i could use more meat though!"
	: "I love Cinnamon Rolls, and this place has amazing ones! (That don't even taste vegan!) The rolls are fresh and warm, and so fluffy! And customizable with an array of frostings and toppings. They aren't big, but they're definitely filling.\n\nMy favorite frostings are Almond and Hazelnut, and personally I like pairing them with fresh fruit toppings otherwise the rolls can be too sweet. We got a Almond blueberry roll and the daily special roll (which was hazelnut frosting, chocolate syrup, and gingersnap topping), and the Almond blueberry roll was a lot better because the daily special was just too thick/sweet with the added chocolate syrup. So if the daily special is something that has a lot of sugar on it, I would recommend just creating your own roll.\n\nUnfortunately, it seems like they've raised their prices, because the daily specials are now $5, and a customizable roll starts at $4.75... Definitely worth a visit though!"
	: "Second time around.  Another 5 stars.  It really doesn't get any better than this.\n\nThis time I got a chance to try the homemade root beer.  Goes great with the \"Ted Kennedy and fries\"."
	: "The first time I visited American Apparel, it was the location in Center City at 16th and Walnut near its competitor, Urban Outfitters.  My gut impression was, \"Wow, what weird stuff...who wears this anymore?\"  However, if you dig deep enough, you can find some wearable pieces--for me, basic solid colored t-shirts that feel like you're walking around in your favorite broken-in bedsheets are a must.  I haven't bought anything from American Apparel yet, but the University City location seemed to be a bit more spacious and have a bigger selection.  And they sell Sharpies in every color of the rainbow...out of place yet you never know when you might need to buy one...or two...or three."
	: "food was really great and the staff were the best."
	: "excellent for both your stomach and your bank account!:D"
	: "Oh, you are so Wicked, Bass Concert Hall.  You placed your restrooms half a football field from our row.  And your Wicked ways netted us seats where we could not hear some of the words in the songs.  Well, actually, it was a Wicked friend who was supposed to get the tickets but forgot.  But, Wicked was FANTASTIC!  Hubby was wonderful and surprised me with tickets at the last minute.  \n\nThe acoustics are not perfect in row, hmmm....what was it?  Q?  Well, at least it was not double Q.  And, after reading Joe D's review, I cut off my liquid intake around noon, the day of the performance.  I did not want to stand in line for the potty for 30 minutes during the intermission (or, \"half time\" as hubby called it) only to return in the dark and mash down on someone toes or inadvertantly grab someone's crotch as I fumbled my way to my seat.   \n\nThe downside for me is always the parking. We left early and still barely made it to our seats because we were circling and trying to out guess where the guy in front of us would park and which garage entrance to use.  I do not understand why we can't just slip into one of those PERMIT ONLY spots for a couple of hours.  Who grades essays at 8:00 p.m. on a Thursday night in a dark and lonely office?"
	: "my food was ok, but the guy working was super attentive & nice. would go again!"
	: "I didn't know this place was called California Teriyaki Bowl. Up until I found this listing, it was always the place by Kaplan to me. Anyway, I think it might have changed ownership in the past year or something because it used to be awesome, but now I can't even get myself to go back. The quality of the rice is so bad that I wouldn't even feed it to my cat. The consistency makes me wonder if they decided to prepare it with a steam roller. \n\nFood: The best things on the menu are the deep fried rolls (they're called \"Its\" for some odd reason). These lumps of tempera goodness come in either tuna or California roll variety. I would advise against the tuna rolls as the deep frying process cooks the fish to a canned-like state. Avoid weird items on the menu. I tried the quail egg once and the waitress didn't even know what it was or that they served it. The thing was microscopic and even though it was only about a dollar, I felt like I got ripped off. In general, the quality of sushi here is very poor, but it's cheap (especially after 5:00 pm when the price is halved) and filling. Expect to pay about $7.00 for a meal. \n\n\nAtmosphere: The doors are typically open to the patio where smokers like to convene. This may or may not be a plus to you, but it was just fyi. The tables are often dirty and cramped, but usually it's pretty empty so you can spread out. \n\nService: You can sit for an hour without being given the check. I typically have to ask or stand by the cash register until someone helps me."
	: "yum!\nI never have had Tibetan food before, it was very similar to Indian. I was there for the buffet Lunch. it was tasty! I had some beef curry thing that was really good but the beef was pretty gristly. I also has some potato and cauliflower dish, some fried vegetable shoestring things and some apples and strawberries with yogurt. it was all pretty good!\nSuper casual setting, nice staff, etc. \nthe price was pretty good, $9 for the all you can eat buffet. I'd like to go back and look at the menu to see what else they have. They seemed to be heavy on the chicken, which I hate, but that's just me. I'd like to give them more stars but wanna go back and try more before I do."
	: "Oddly, I've been to Chano's twice now, and I didn't even attend USC. The first time was in 2004 when I was visiting my friend Kaitlyn, and she suggested that my other friend and I grab some Chano's breakfast burritos for the drive back to NorCal. Don't let the meager price of these breakfast burritos fool you! I ordered two thinking they would be small, and couldn't manage eating both during our 6-hour drive! Eggs, beans, ham, cheese, all rolled up into a flour tortilla. Mmmm... \nThe second time was post-bonfire with another SC-alum friend when I ordered a Machaca burrito, which I'll have to admit did not live up to the Chano's that I remember. It was tasty enough, but not nearly as filling. But for 5 bucks? I'll go back, for sure. Three stars for the food, as it's clearly not the most amazing Mexican food, but five stars for the price, and the novelty of the ghetto-ass drive-thru. Honestly, who makes you pay on the right hand side of the car?! Where are we, England?"
	: "Was passing by and decided to stop in and I must say I like this place alot. It was crowded and  they have so many different varieties of chocolates, candied apples, etc to choose from. \n\nIt was delicious, the staff was friendly and knowledgable about the sweet treats."
	: "Food here is EXPENSIVE!!\n\nWe tried out some sushi rolls and entrees which were pretty good. The kobe beef slices served on a hot rock was fun to try and it did melt in your mouth, but everything else here seemed way overpriced.\n\nOn a side note, the bathrooms are totally designed like a bathroom in an airplane. Take that as you will."
	: "My friends and I were looking for a place to eat something decent but quick before a movie at the Bridge.  For some reason we chose Marathon, even knowing their level of speed is often a crapshoot.  Today we got lucky.\nThe 4 of us all ordered some Dogfish Heads and entrees (Bolognese Rigatoni, Wasabi Salmon, Mac N' Cheese, and some other pasta dish Mike got that I can't remember what was in it.)\nThe Wasabi Salmon actually looked awesome and it was gone from the plate in about 5 minutes due to my friends hunger.  My Mac N' Cheese was a bonus because I asked if I could add Chicken to it and they did....gratis.  That doesn't happen often!  Two of my buddies also got inspired by the table behind us and ordered a gigantic bottle of Chimay Blue...they thought it would cost around 15 bucks, but it cost 22.  The whole bill for 5 beers and 4 entrees came to 107 bucks...I didn't think it was too terrible considering the cost of the beers.  \nAlso on their way out the couple behind us had heard us talking about their giant beer so they gave the rest to us to finish because they had to make a movie next door...the same one we were trying to make.  Of course we got next door and I couldn't buy a ticket because it had become sold out with the person in front of me in line.  But I digress...this time the fault was mine and not the Marathon Grill.\nMy friend started his review of the MG last time by saying \"This place is death.\"  I think it can now be upgraded to \"this place is acceptable\"."
	: "This is the best library on campus hands down. There is always space to study during high library use times such as finals and midterms. As well it is much closer to people living in the west village than powell. Not many undergraduates know about this library which also adds to the greatness of it."
	: "lord have mercy PLEASE let the staff at 5 & Diamond figure out the quantity of food that needs to be ordered to properly run their restaurant. \n\nBefore delving into the rest of my review, let me preface by saying that I LOVE 5 & Diamond and I'm there regularly for dinner and brunch, it's my go to, it's by my church, it's a meeting spot amongst my friends...it is just there for me lol.\n\nHOWEVER, it never fails (except one time) that there's something on the menu that they don't have on hand. On my first visit in April, I tried to ordered \"o we don't have that\", ordered something else instead \"o we don't have that either\"....ummm.....Apparently, they weren't prepared for how much business they would get on Mother's Day weekend. That's an amateur/cop out response but you know what, fine.\n\nThe NEXT time I go, same thing happens. So I Google the restaurant later and see if it's a new restaurant (I'd expect this from a new spot) but low and behold, they've been serving for 2 years or so....Come on yall, we GOTS to do better than this.\n\nTHE GOOD NEWS: So be prepared to not be able to order what your heart desires. Otherwise, love the ambiance, very intimate/low key spot. The baked chicken on the brunch menu...was amazing (coming from someone who doesn't order it while dining out b/c how many variations can you get) BUT 5 & Diamonds chicken....delicious.\n\nWhat's better, the mac & cheese....OMG!!!! Besides my own MOTHER'S mac & cheese, this place KILLS it! I sometimes crave it lol (both the truffle mac & cheese and the 5 & Diamond mac & cheese). ***Monday nights are 1/2 off cocktails and other menu items. Another pro to this place is that they change up their menu throughout the week, which is nice because you get a variety if you're a frequent diner like myself. Good luck and enjoy!"
	: "Caribou Coffee on the U Pitt campus is fantastic! Good coffee, comfortable ambiance, and free wi-fi make it a great place to study with a cup of coffee. I love their rustic furniture. You MUST try their cold-pressed iced coffee with a shot of white chocolate. SO good."
	: "Far from gourmet but I love their soup, sandwiches, and red velvet cake.\n\nReally over priced when it comes to it but I can't help but crave their Buffalo Chicken Chowda!"
	: "oh my heaven.  this burger has ruined every other burger for me since, but i really do not mind.  it is by far one of the best places i've ever eaten and the best burger.  went here twice in 3 days and was able to try the black n spicy, the tex melt, and my favorite the elvis burger.  i mean whoever decided to combine plantains, peanut butter and bacon on top of a burger (especially when you choose to go with the bison meat option) is a genius!  i have never forgotten the taste of this burger and you are never unsatisfied as there was at least 2 tablespoons of peanut butter just melting and dripping off plus roughly a half of a plantain and 2 slices of bacon.  i was so happy and have had a hard time eating burgers since...they just are not the same.  also to upgrade to the side of sweet potato fries is only going to make you happier.  go here for one fantastic experience."
	: "There was something wrong with this burger. It was really dry, and really big. I can't complain about it being undercooked or anything, but it was definitely a trial to eat. The fact that I was really hungry and had to STRUGGLE to finish it means two things: \n\n1- it was REALLY BIG (got the reg fatburger)\n2- it tasted pretty unappealing\n\nProbably not going back here. I like the burgers from those greasy diner type places better (yellow basket, golden eagle, yorgos, fantastics, etc)"
	: "This place prepares a passable burger, granted, at $7.25, it costs more than your average one.  The L.A. burger comes with avocado relish which is good even for non-avocado enthusiasts.  I was pretty disappointed that the place just serves average fare, since T.V. chef Bobby Flay owns the place - he's supposed to be the \"king of the grill\" and stars in a bunch of shows on the Food Network which should say something about his grilling chops.  The sauces are probably better than what you can get in those awful squirt packages of ketchup that you see at a cafeteria or at Mickey D's.\n\nI heard from a friend that her burger was undercooked and bloody even after she'd sent it back to be regrilled.  I haven't had a bad experience per se, just a string of underwhelming ones.  Why do I still go here?  The simple answer is, the food is edible, and that is more than what can be said about some other places.  If you're going to order a burger and they ask you how you want it done, always remember to say, \"Well done.\"  \n\nIf you just want to satisfy your sweet tooth, order a shake, though I'm not sure you can stomach the $5.00 that one costs.  I had the blueberry-pomegranate one and it was pretty good.  I'm assuming that the recipe calls for using real fruit in the strawberry and blueberry shakes.\n\nA note about the service: the storepeople try to make you feel \"at home\" by setting down a knife and a napkin at your table before your food comes, smiling obsequiously at you and welcoming you with a \"Welcome to Bobby's Burger, how ya doing today?\" but make sure they don't rush to clean stuff out of your way while you may be conversing with someone and still working on your food.\n\nService: B\nTaste: B-"
	: "Reliable, good quality, friendly service, large selection of items, easy-to-get-to location. \n\nI've been to Le's a few times now and I've never been disappointed. The quality of food from their kitchen is good-quality every time. Vegetables always taste fresh, sauces have great consistency and flavor, and dishes come out piping hot. In my opinion you get more than you pay for when it comes to quality at Le's.\n\nThe atmosphere is a bit like a romantically-lit cafeteria: lots of cramped tables, tile floors, chairs stored odd places, but really you get what you pay for when it comes to ambiance. I have had consistently good service -- very friendly waiters, super fast food delivery to my table, and very prompt with the water/check/additional items.\n\nI love Vietnamese and I will definitely go back here for cheap quality eats."
	: "Mary Chung seems to be a solid choice for Chinese food when you're out and about in Central. It's nothing extraordinarily stellar to write home about, but it's reasonably priced, centrally located, and extremely edible. \n\nI came here with some friends around 6 on a Friday night before heading to MIT to see a play and we were able to be seated right away. The service was decent, again, nothing stellar, but nothing to really complain about. \nWe had the \"Hot Platter\" for an appetizer which is really just an assortment of friend things. It was nice to nosh on, but I'll admit I'm not enamored of fried foo, as a rule. \nI had the Moo Shi Vegetable, which was definitely served with ample plum sauce and plenty of pancakes. And while it was tasty, I did find myself wishing I'd ordered it with some meat. In the past I'd had their General Gau's chicken and it's definitely yummy. So, maybe I'll go back to that next time. \n\nWord of warning: Their spicy noodles (I think it's the dun dun noodles) are veeeeeeeery spicy. So be prepared. Oh, and they're cash only, which is good to know before walking in.\n\nOverall, if I lived closer, I'd definitely order from them more often and if I'm in the area, I may choose this place, but for now, it's gonna stick on the list of \"places that are possibilities\" and will not likely be making a pilgrimage to Central just for this place."
	: "Eh. A potato spiral cut, then dipped into dried cheese powder. You know, the stuff that comes with your mac and cheese. Potato was not quite cooked and nowhere near resembled \"crispy' \nThe hotdog was OK, but I'd have preferred more description available for what I was getting. A panko breaded bacon corndog  was... surprising. \n\nA little expensive, 7 for a combo which is a hot dog  a spiral cut potato, and a can of soda. \n\nThey are new and very eager to help, with 4 people behind the counter ready to assist, but in the end I don't think I'll be going back"
	: "I have to admit that I was a naysayer as I watched the sign go up for this place.  There are just tons of places in Atlanta, nay the country, that will say things like \"Tony's Authentic New York Style _____\" or \"Paulie's Best Phillie Style ____\"...it's just kinda stereotypical, and frankly, hokey.  And worse, they usually suck.  And suck hard.  \n\nSo when I saw this place getting renovated after my OC ZPizza closed up shop here (damn hippies!) in Midtown, I had the jaded thought of \"great, an expensive and probably not very tasty non-option for dinner.\" But really, after having gotten takeout from here over 5 times, I have to admit it's gone above and beyond my expections.  Real NY style pizza?  Not quite.  Very good pizza that's quick and close by that I would order over the chains? And even over Cameli's, since I can just pick up from Vinny's, as opposed to wait for delivery?  This Lady Chinky Eyes says YES, absolutely!  Sauce isn't too sweet, the crust isn't too thick and has a good chew, and not gummy.  \n\nAnd who knew, the salads here are really good when I'm just too busy and hooongry to make my own, and very affordable too.  The $5 house salad is great, really good size, and I was able to add chicken for a couple more bucks.  Take that, Fresh 2 Order - you guys are good, but I'm not paying over $11 for one of your salads again anytime soon.  \n\nI'm still not a fan of the name (is there even a Vinny?), but this place is pretty good."
	: "place is good, once went out with my girlfriend and we were out of ideas on where to go so we saw this place. We decide to go in and customer service was good and food was prepared in a good time limit. So we ate there and were talking and the place is decent for any date of some sort and it is very clean."
	: "I just ordered from VP for people in my office & everyone loved it!  We had 2 pizzas, 1 with xtra cheese & 1 with 1/2 pepperoni & 1/2 mushrooms.  i work @ Penn & have our choice of many pizza joints in the area.  We will be ordering from them again soon!"
	: "Finally got CFC what whaaat\n\nChicken  - well flavored/seasoned, crispy, yummy. Better than Gold Star imo\nMac and Cheese - fail. just tasted like butter...\nOnion rings - standard..\n\nPrices - expensive compared to Gold Star. They got 10 pieces + 2 sides for 10.79.. ours was $17.00."
	: "Big disappointment. Calamari wasn't edible - like hard rubber and obviously not fresh. The special pork ossobuko was really bad - the meat was dry and the polenta was tasteless. The black linguini was ok. The beet salat with goat cheese was ok but boring."
	: "Totally worth it."
	: "I really really really loved this trail. It's very quiet, very nice trail, a lot of vegetation, next to the river, easy to park, and beautiful views. The only think that I don't like too much is that it doesn't loop around so you have to walk back the same way to get your car. I also wish they would allow bikes in the whole trail because it would be an amazing place for biking as well...."
	: "I have been trying to get to BerryLine ever since they opened, almost two years ago. My coworkers and I took a lunch break trip to BerryLine back in June and we have been addicted ever since! The first trip one of my colleagues helped herself to seconds because she loved the first one so much! Ever since that fateful day I get a medium instead of a small because it makes my belly very happy, I just \"suffer\" through the fullness. \nI love all of the toppings that they have! The fruit is so fresh and beautiful! You can't go wrong with one of their candies/cookies either. I recently had frozen yogurt at a new yogurt place in Boston, by MGH, and it was a poor attempt at the BerryLine original flavor. It appears that no one can match the natural, tart yogurt taste that BerryLine has achieved. I haven't been able to try one of their flavored yogurts yet, I enjoy the original too much to venture! \nI am typically an ice cream fanatic but I feel that my life is now complete thanks to BerryLine's healthy option over my ice cream. I'll give up the ice cream any day for this yogurt!"
	: "What do you get when you stack slices of fatty beef in a french roll and then dip it into a dark brown sodium solution? You The Hat's representation of the pastrami.  I could lube my truck with this sandwich and still I keep coming back for more.  French dip roast beef sandwiches to double cheeseburgers and loads of fries and fried zucchini are what come to mind when I think of this place.\n\nThe first time I visited, I ordered a pastrami and chili cheese fries and a large Orange Bang.  What a mistake!  The order of chili cheese fries could feed a family of 5 and the sandwich was more than a meal.  Needless to say the drink alone had enough calories to power a small village, I elected not to do that again.\n\nI suggest you visit Tommy's at least once in your life or you could simply stay home and eat a few sticks of butter... choice is yours.  I think Tommy's would taste better."
	: "Okay, this is REALLY kind of messed up on my part.\n\nYou want to know honestly how I found out about this place??\n\nWell so one night I was bored, watching the news online, *click here, chick there* ::yawn::\n\nWhat's this?? \"Steve Jobs video coming out of restaurant showing weak strength\"\n\n(This was after Steve had passed away) \n\nSaddened by watching the video, I then wondered where they had just come from.\n\nOh yeah I'm going there, you guessed it. \n\nI'm such a douche sometimes, I actually zoomed in, looked very closely at the door and saw that it was Calafia.\n\nIntrigued now I googled it, found the website, location, yelp reviews....you name it. \n\nSo as screwy as this sounds, on my initial trip to Palo Alto I had made it a pact to check this place out while I was here. I figured hey, if it's good enough for Steve Jobs it's sure as hell good enough for me. \n\nBoy was the Apple genus at it again, the flavors here were amazing, fresh and the vibe was VERY pleasant (granted I only had a club sandwich due to the line) but, it just goes to show you some people REALLY know their stuff in life, call me a follower but when in Rome...\n\nDefinitely a place I will add to my regulars."
	: "Holy guacamole what a nightmare. Went here for a quick meal while visiting my brother. When I asked the waiter what items on the menu were gluten free, he said he would find out and come back. That's fine, I'm glad he went to get more information. When he came back, he said \"the bean tostada is the closest thing we have.\" I'm sorry. THE CLOSEST? When you're dealing with an allergy, \"the closest\" is NOT going to cut it. I was speechless and kind of confused, so I asked to see the chef. Instead, the manager came to the table, clearly pissed off that she had to talk to customers. She said that she would give me a tortilla with beans and cheese and lettuce. Then she said that there were no lard in the beans, so they're healthy (fyi, \"healthy\" does not mean gluten free) and then asked if tomatoes were gluten free. Um...WHAT? I don't care if you don't know what gluten free is: I'd be happy to inform you and give you the information you need to help people in the future. What I am not ok with is a manager being clearly upset that she has to answer questions and then saying that they can give me the \"closest thing.\"\nI did end up eating the bean tostada--the information I got out of her eventually led me to believe that it would be safe to eat. I didn't get sick or anything, but still the food was just plain old bad. It was a tiny tortilla with a bit of beans and a MOUNTAIN of lettuce. Not an exaggeration. it was actually about a 6 inch tall pile of lettuce. Then covered in shredded cheese. \nOverall: food is bad and the service is worst."
	: "Bruins son!"
	: "HUGE though didn't have pool thermometer. but happy to order it for no extra charge!\n\nVery friendly and helpful. good service in that they call you at least 2x until you pick up your special order. For those of us crazy busy with new baby. rather than just call once and let you have to remember you ordered something.\n\nalso didn't have my special garage opener.. had to order that one myself from the internet."
	: "We've been eating at Raven Grill for over 10 years, and we've always had a great meal.  The patio is great when the weather is nice.  Definitely try the pot roast with root vegetables and hickory toasted sourdough bread; I've had it at least 50 times and I'm still amazed by how good it is."
	: "The only real flaw to Chewy's is that its burgers are of the small slider variety. But they make up for the small size by being extra big on flavor. And now that they added fried chicken and waffles into the mix I might just be sold for the long run!\n\nWhether you go for beef, turkey, or veggie patties its fresh toppings provide you with some admirable possibilities. The blue cheese burger is loaded with mushrooms and carmelized onions. pico de gallo, cheddar cheese, and a chipotle sauce sit upon the Diablo burger. The Kimchi Burger spices things up with cabbage and red pepper paste. And the Toga cools things down with tapenade, feta cheese, and yogurt sauce.\n\nChewy's also offers impressive extras like tater tots (and buffalo tots with crumbled bacon), delicious fries, and fresh made waffles. And they even deliver some big hot dog and breakfast sandwich options!"
	: "Great Local Park!\nPicnics, Playgrounds, Train Ride, Ponds, Boating,Fishing, Outdoor Theater,The Works! Best Yet, walking distance to the Houston Zoo!\nGreat for Kids!"
	: "I've been here both as a patron and a performer, and every time I've been taken good care of. Always very high quality performances, and the food.... mmmm! Your entree is included in the ticket price, but I urge you to get \"Out Staff's Favorite Fries\" as an appetizer. They're incredible! Honestly, I think about them more than I should..."
	: "Like the place.  Sweet little store. Sweet staff. Nice location.  Cakes are the same size as Kick-ass, but not as crunchy (and seeing as cupcakes should not be crunchy, this is a very good thing)\n\nUnfortunately a lot is like Kick-Ass. (same price, same pupcakes, same cappuccino and double chocolate, same lack of red velvet)\n\nBut the cakes are moist, the frosting is fluffy, and the fondant decorations are tasty and fun.\n\nPlus- on the way out, I walked into the Fashion Forward Super-Duo, Morgan and Tyler, headed to Sweet.  Anyplace with that kind of clientele has automatic style points.\n\nThis is the only place I have been too where the Carrot Cake has wowed me. I liked it even better than the chocolate, which says A LOT"
	: "Taste: 3\nValue: 3\nService: 4\n\nIn terms of DCs, this place is one of the better ones. Definitely has a lot more variety since it's so much bigger, but at the end of the day, it's still DC food."
	: "This place has everything. Cookie and Ice cream choices galore. It's cheap, open really late, the cookies are warm and the ice cream is cold.\nNuff said."
	: "Great place to watch games, great live music, great food, awful smoke, 4 stars. \n\nThe seafood gumbo was fantastic and the grilled mahi salad was amazing. The wings are great and the BBQ burger (which I stole a bite of), was perfectly cooked with a really nice flavor.\n\nI'd go back if it promised to be a \"light smoking\" night. We DC-ers aren't used to smoking in bars/restaurants."
	: "Hmmm side note but why iPhone app can I only \"draft\" reviews from my phone and not post them too???\n\nAnyway had to check out the new harvard square hotspot and see what the hype was about. On first inspection I liked the big open window, but wasn't sure how I was feeling about the community seating and took a seat at one of the few individual tables. Our server was quite nice and had helpful recommendations. \n\nVerdict:\nGood service\nFunky d\u00e9cor (although not totally loving the community searing high tops) \nDecent beer selection\nBurger was fairly tasty... But I asked for it medium and it was almost completely raw. I probably should have sent it back, but I was so hungry I ate about half before deciding I just could not eat any more raw beef. The waitress noticed how raw it was and came over and asked if it had been ok. I let her know it was a little too raw for me - she said next time they would do a better job of cooking it.\n\nI do think I'll be back as it's got a great view if harvard square and I do think the burger would be great if cooked. But next time if it's that raw again I'm sending it back."
	: "I gave them another shot and they earned that extra star! Good job, HT! They take constructive criticize well. The same security guard who literally threw us out the night exactly at last call smiled and greeted me as I entered. The staff is still a bit frazzled, but HT is always popping, like hot grease. I ordered a sangria while I waited for my to go order. It was good, but $9.00 for an OK glass of sangria is too much! The food was fantastic! The turkey burger had a wonderful char-grilled flavor and a nice balance of toppings. The sweet potato fries were a bit soggy by the time I got them home. I will definitely be back for the Turkey burger."
	: "I love Daisy Mint, the sister restaurant to Abricott, and when my husband found out that they were opening a new restaurant, I knew it was going to be equally exceptional!  Abricott is fresh modern quaint and expressive in food and decor!  A wonderful place to eat great food and converse with friends and/or family.  The whole look of Abricott is extraordinarily vibrant and comfy at the same time.  The food leaves your taste buds wanting more.  The staff is alert in giving service like you were dining at a friends' house, comfort in a somewhat self serve atmosphere while acknowledging you are there.  I love their pho noodle soup, great to have on a cold day, earthy, savory and comforting.  The Sizzling eggs with toast is simple and savory, great in kick starting your day, especially with a cup of Lamill coffee!  Awesome Croque Monsieur and Croque Madame!  I also love their tender Savory pork belly with red cabbage, the combination is perfect.  Definitly going back for more!"
	: "love it verytime i go. grown-up crowd that just wants to let loose after looking at spreadsheets and answering phones all day. music is always straight. i get a mix cd everytime i go. will definetely go back whenever i have a chance."
	: "Closed in 2011. Pulled up stakes in the middle of the night leaving staff & long-time customers in the lurch. There's a rumor they may be re-opening one of the closed stores soon. I won't be patronizing them ever again.\n\nBTW, this app won't allow you to post with 0'stars.  I tried."
	: "Can you spell M-E-D-I-O-C-R-E? I've come to accept that I will just never find a decent cupcake in Seattle (at least until Crumbs opens a store here). I've tried the red velvet, triple chocolate, vanilla vanilla and chocolate peanut butter. Save for the last, they were all really bland, and the frosting just never tasted \"right\" to me. Also, the staff invariably are inattentive and kind of snotty. I only come here if dragged by a friend (99% of which are cupcake whores)."
	: "(At the outset, this review is only for the vegetarian items on the buffet brunch)\n\nSo it was another lazy Saturday afternoon when a friend and myself decided to do a buffet brunch at Cafe of India...A desi (read Indian) buffet brunch is almost de rigeur for me every weekend, and mostly it is difficult to tell one buffet from the other...\n\nNot so with this quaint lil eatery however at Brattle Street in Harvard Square...a quiet lil place with an open (not exactly street though) seating, warm and friendly service and good food!\n\nSo the buffet comprised  samosas and dosas (crepes) for starters.  The dosas were nice and crisp, made fresh by a very friendly Nepalese gentleman!  The sambar was good and the chutney passable!  Alas, the samosas were nothing to write home about - the first batch was stale samosas - which were promptly replaced the moment I complained...the second batch, though fresh and piping hot was just that!\n\nThe other items which I sampled from the buffet were the chholeys (chickpeas), aloo-gobhi (potatoes and cauliflower) and the daal makhni (lentil)...the daal makhni was REALLY good.!!  Topped with garlic naan (bread) and some rice, it was one of the more satisfying buffets I have had in Boston!\n\nDessert was kheer (rice pudding) and suji ka halwa (roasted vermicelli mixed with sweetened milk).  The kheer was good stuff!!!  \n\nWhile I am relatively new to Boston (only 5 months), it appears that this restaurant is apparently not as well known as Bombay Club and Tamarind Bay, which seem to be more well known in the vicinity!  I am surprised at how this place has still not become popular for its buffets!!\n\nAll in all an enjoyable brunch experience at the standard buffet price of 12.55 dollars per person (tax included)...I would say put this on ur list of Indian buffets to try even if it is not exactly to die for!"
	: "I was told that this mansion was a wedding gift from a loving father to his daughter. It is gorgeous, and quaint. The food relates to the story. It is also gorgeous and quaint.  It's a great place for a quiet dinner, and a lazy brunch."
	: "Been eating  here for years! This is really good if your wasted, I think the chili cheese fries here are the shiznit super cheesy and the chili is goooood... Though Im always super starving outta my mind every time I eat here , mostly its just because its late as shit and La taquiza across the street is closed ;( sorry guys...\n\nI stick to asada and chicken tacos & burittos, that's been on point for the most part, I don't like they're al pastor at all, but that may be my preference. Pretty much you cant go wrong with the basics here tacos burgers & pastrami or those shitkickin chilifries !!"
	: "Teresa's is delicious but it can be a bit of a wait on weekends.  I haven't had brunch here, but their pizzas and pastas are delicious!  Try the balsamico pasta; I'm pretty sure it's the best thing on the menu.  The pizzas are all quite tasty and true individual pizza sizes.  Great for a date or families visiting the university."
	: "9 Irish is probably one of my favorite places near Purdue. Quality is consistent, and good! Service is usually great and still very good when they're really busy. Unlike most other places, it really is a pub for the Lafayette area that doubles as a restaurant. Their beer selection is great, make sure you get a Guinness. Half pints allow you to experience their whole selection.\n\nGet the fish and chips. It's fresh, huge (get a half if you don't eat like a cow), and never fishy."
	: "Serviceable Greek food on Thayer.  Food doesn't blow your mind, but it'll hit the spot if you have a hankering for it."
	: "I went here with my husband and sister who was visiting. The food was really good. All the courses were yummy. They were very accommodating to the fact that I was 39 weeks pregnant and had trouble fitting in the booth so they moved the the table more without even being asked. It was expensive but it served its purpose: great food at a expensive price is part of taking others out."
	: "Thank god I don't live on the west coast permanently as I would weigh 300 lbs from daily trips to Diddy Riese for their ice cream sandwiches, fresh baked cookies, perfectly cooled so they don't melt your ice cream but are still warm, really fantastic, they better not open one in New York."
	: "I stopped by here on a Saturday evening for dinner. I thought it was decent but not above average by any means. I had the lentil soup, which was good, the lamb biryani, which was OK, and baklava for dessert, which was passable. The biryani had a nice aroma and flavor, but the lamb was full of fat and gristle, so much so that i finally gave up trying to pick out the eatable meat slivers with my fingers. At least my fingers smell good now."
	: "Do I have what it takes to give a yelp worth review of MIT?  Well 4 years of my life says yes.  MIT is an experience like none other...well that may not be right.  If you want the MIT experience at home, here is how you do it:\n1)grab lower lip, rusty nail, and peanut butter\n2)pull lower lip over top of head and pull until it is approximately ear level.\n3)hammer rusty nail into back of head, securing lip in position.\nMIT, home to some of the greatest minds in the world, has be likened to drinking from a fire hose.  I mean the most basic math course offered is calculus, that says something, right?  This is not your state school college experience: pulling all nighters to actually complete homework, having to stay awake in class and still not fully understanding the professor, and no naked mile.  On the topic of nudity, yes you can find it, and no, you don't want to find it.  There is a saying about MIT when it comes to the opposite sex (works both ways...what does that say about me?), 'The odds are good, but the goods are odd.'  Split into two campuses, east and west campus, one can go from a world of fake Louis Vuitton bags and over eager skinny frat guys, to one of sheer insanity (retinal scanners on doors, hot tubs that drive around, huge murals dedicated to pokemen (the plural of pokeman?)).  Not for the feint of heart this institution takes you as you are, beats you to a pulp, pours you into a genius mold, then pops you in the fridge over night to chill.\n\nMajors range from Architecture to Computer Engineering, having something for all tech-heads.  Most classes run 1 hour (three times a week) to 1.5 hours (twice a week) for lecture and additional time for recitation.  Looking to supplement your own education, whether you are at MIT or not, most people look towards MIT's OpenCourseware, a free internet database of the classes offered there.  In addition to always learning new things, it is common for students to work in a lab outside of class.  I built satellites in my free time with MIT's Laboratory for Nuclear Science, giving me the priceless skills of: using MATLAB, using machining equipment, breaking machining equipment, siphoning antifreeze with my mouth, visiting the hospital on a regular occasion, soldering.\n\nThe campus has recently been kicked up a notch with new buildings dedication to student housing, Neuroscience, and Computer science.  All the buildings are given numbers (as well as some names), which is what the students refer to them as (same goes for classes).  Inside note, all even buildings are on one side and odds on the other side.  Some of the buildings referred to by name are the Stata Center, all the dormitories, Richard Cockburn Maclurn, Ellen Swallow Richards, yes, those last two actually exist, I was surprised too.\n\nBottom Line: This very unpretentious school packs one hell of a punch.  Bring the antidepressants and enroll in Calc I (18.01).  If you choose Physics like I did, be prepared for a long haul, then grad school if you actually want to use your degree."
	: "Food: meh"
	: "I absolutely love it here.  Although I wish it were a traditional bookstore suited to browsing, you can't beat the prices.  I have gotten many, many good buys here.  It is definitely the cheapest place to get books in town.  Some of the classics are as cheap as 5 cents!"
	: "I only ever eat in the bar, but the food, drinks, and service are excellent."
	: "A new, quaint little stop in Oakland.\n\nI stopped here with a friend the other day for some dinner. The decor is kind of bland, but the prices are reasonable. There's a plethora of food to choose from, from burgers and fries, to Peruvian fried rice, which is what I ordered. \n\nThe food was great. The chicken is seasoned beautifully, and the portion was GENEROUS. The staff is friendly and was willing to help us out when we needed it.\n\nMy only complaint: there was no ice in the ice machine, so one of the staffers went outside and came back with ice in a tiny bucket. Kind of sketch, but, oh well, I got ice.\n\nI suggest you check this place out. Pretty yummy stuff."
	: "Always friendly, this is a cheap, modest place to get your middle eastern food fix.  I like that they are a little unconventional--french fries and hot sauce with falafel, why not?  They also have baklava if you have room for dessert..."
	: "It's a beautiful Spring morning, and I am at work. Am I working? Nah, that's for the birds. Instead I am gobbling  down a chicken and egg biscuit from Sunrise  while typing my Yelp review  regarding my breakfast .\n\nThe biscuit is huge!  It's light and fluffy with a buttery taste.  The chicken is a full chicken breast with a crispy, breaded exterior. The egg is a real egg, not egg substitute.  I also ordered hash browns with my biscuit and it was your typical grease fest, but still good.  \n\nI have heard the line of cars can get quite long on a weekend morning, but the wait time was minimal when I went during the week.  \n\nSunrise biscuits is a small hidden little gem that should be frequented by biscuit lovers everywhere!"
	: "The food is comparable to any other Denny's I've been to...but ahh the SMELL.  I can't pinpoint what it is exactly.  Maybe a mixture of Windex and wet carpet?  You smell it right when you walk in.  The furniture and decorations are also really dated.\n\nThe only reason why it's not just 1 star is because the service is good and the people working there are friendly."
	: "I ate here tonight with a bunch of my best eating acquaintances, and was able to try a range of items on the menu. First off, the Yard Sale (2 courses and a side for $25!) is a great deal. I had the corn and crab chowder as a starter, which was a bit of a let-down-- not super-flavorful or crabby and nothing special, really, though the cute stone-handled bowl it came in was a plus. My friend's crab cake starter was far more delicious (and far more crabby!) with a tasty salad and side cucumber-caper-sauce concoction. The spinach salad with chevre also looked amazing.\n\nI had the pulled lamb shank as my main course, and it was ok, though not what I was expecting-- it resembled more of a stew or cassoulet than a lamb shank as I imagined it, and as such, seemed better-suited for a robust winter meal than a summer supper in June. My friend's duck dish, though-- AMAZING! We thought the duck breast was delicious until we had the leg confit, which was far MORE delicious. Definitely get the duck. The sides were plentiful but nothing super-special.\n\nBy the time dessert rolled around, we were too full, and the dessert menu seemed overpriced after the Yard Sale steal. The check came with some ginger cookies though, so it was a win anyway. Bottom line for me: the Yard Sale is a bargain, but for the full price, not quite worth it, depending on what you order-- also, the service and ambiance is more family-restaurant style than I expected for a relatively fancy place. Not a bad thing, just something to note!"
	: "I'm not a Bostonian from birth.  I grew up out west where it's not cool to be a geek or get your nerd on.  Where I come from comic book stores are usually reserved for back alleys next to check cashing places and pawn shops.  Imagine my surprise when I discovered Newberry comics.  People walking around the city with bags of a freaky looking kid on them proclaiming that these people had bought comics, glorious glorious comics.\n\nBut alas, when I first entered into a Newberry, I was dismayed with all the other crap that was there.  Stuff that was great if I were to shop at Hot Topic of a Spencers gifts.  But comic book stores are reserved for comic books, with the occasional action figure thrown in just to balance things out.  It wasn't until I discovered Million Year picnic that I found my north easter oasis.  It's everything I believe a comic book shop should be.  A place with more comics then they have space for, and a staff that's probably read everything there, twice.  If you want something they don't currently have, they can find it for you and get it in.  There hasn't been a time where I went in there and didn't walk out with something, and more often then I'd care to admit, I've even walked out with a smaller bank account then I'd come in with, but extra goodies I'd found without even looking.\n\nIf I had to pick something to complain about, and let's face it, I'll never be elite if I only said good things about places.  I'd say this, check out sometimes takes a bit of time.  They check off each purchase of the trade paperbacks, and their credit/debit card machine is slow, when it's working at all.  I've been there on two separate occasions where the machine was down and it took a painful amount of time to get home and read my new purchases.\n\n(Who am I kidding?  We all know I'll have read everything on the bus ride home)"
	: "I really, really wish I could give this place a 5, but anyone who has been to a real club such as Mansion in Miami will realize that no club in Boston deserves 5 stars.  However, for a club of its type, which is small and hip, it really does the job great.  I almost missed Middlesex the first time around, as the front looks like a closed-down storefront.  Once you get in though it is great.  The girls are hot and not trashy, which is key.  Secondly, the bartenders aren't rude, but they do discriminate - hot females and hot males get served first.  As someone with average looks this upsets me, but the club makes up for this with its great vibe, and great people.  The music is good, and the bouncers don't go overboard.  One problem you might encounter are small packs of alpha-males who are on \"chick-finding\" missions, and act rude to everybody in their quest to do this.  Anyway, check this place out, its a blast and the best nightlife you can get in Boston.  Even better, good late-night pizza is right around the corner."
	: "Garsha's pizza sauce has an unbelievably sweet flavor, and I heard that they include beet juice - can't swear by this statement, but it makes sense.  The crust is good, spiced with something unusual for Italian cooking, and it's a bit on the sweet side too.  The slices are rectangles and always thick.  Distinctive flavor that you either love or hate, so I rate 'em right down the middle."
	: "Cute place, nice staff, good cupcakes."
	: "I LOVE this restaurant!  Its the place that I go to if I just need to get away from the stress of everything and really just relax.  Not to mention, I love the fact that when I am there, I am the oddity!  Hahah with my tats and dreads, I am sure that they don't see a whole lot of people like me.  So, the entertainment factor is always high for me.\n\nI cant get enough of the southwest Cesar salad with blackened shrimp.  (you have to ask for them to substitute the shrimp in for you otherwise its a breast of chicken)  I eat wayyyy too much chicken, so its nice to have something else for a change.  \n\nThe service here is always pleasant, prompt and quick with the drink refills.  I cant say enough.  I know that its difficult to find and parking can be interesting.  But...that is what makes it great.  I love that its off the beaten path.  And the parking....well ehh come on...where in los angeles these days is easy to park?"
	: "I have been here many times, and every time the food and service have been amazing. My favorite dish is only about 7$ for a huge bowl of noodle soup. I am also very partial to the fresh rolls as an appetizer. \n\nThe location is not super convenient for parking, however, once you are at Le's, there is a Ben and Jerry's and a Starbucks in the same building so, dessert and after dinner coffee are all in the same place. So you see, it is well worth the schlep.  \n\nIt is generally best to make a reservation here because it does get fairly busy at night, but if you do have to wait, there are nice tables to sit at right in front of the restaurant, with some prime people watching possibilities."
	: "If you can get this place for a good rate, I'd say go for it.  Siena has the same problem that most buildings of that age have: room layout.  Kind of feels like they crammed electronics and sockets and such into a room that just didn't see technology coming.  And they get a little tacky with the decor - just a mishmash of \"european things\" all about the place.  But the accommodations were still spacious and comfortable.  Best part of the whole stay was how they sit you down in front of this lady in a throne upon check it.  Class...?"
	: "Ugh.  Usually if I hate a place I don't usually bother posting, even if it's a place like this that has me as an unfortunate captive audience sometimes  (i.e., when I'm at work and need caffeine and there's nothing else open nearby in Kendall square)   But recent experiences at this ABP branch have made me finally vow to kick the caffeine addition.\n\nA representative experience, from this afternoon: stopped in to get caffeine--it was a hot day, so I thought I'd try something iced.  The iced drinks (and all non-thermos coffee) has to be ordered from the same place as the sandwich line.  Stood in line for about 10 minutes watching two workers attempt to make two sandwiches for the people in front of me-- the main holdup seemed to be that one of them was completely stymied about what to do if she needed to make a small sandwich but had a large piece of bread.  Excruciatingly watched her contemplate cutting the bread into halves to make a smaller piece, putting it back, fetching it again, putting it back, asking her co-workers, getting a manager, and still not being able to figure it out after being told to cut it.  ???   Anyway, by then a bunch of other people had put their pieces of paper with sandwich orders up on the table.  Of course, there's no place on the papers for drink orders-- you just have to stand around and interrupt them to make sure they actually wait on you instead of grabbing new sandwich orders.\n\nOrder my drink (iced mocha), and after about 5 minutes, I'm handed a hot mocha.  Grrrr.  Ask if I can have some ice so that I can chill it myself-- they say no, they have to remake it, it will just be two minutes. I'm not really feeling like waiting to repeat this process, so just repeat the request for a cup of ice; no dice. Oh well. \n\nSo go stand in line to pay.  Turns out that they're out of regular coffees, so the cashier abandons the register to grab some cups, go to the back, and bring out cups of coffee for the people who are standing near the coffee machine.  By the time I pay, it's been 20 minutes since I entered the store, just so I can pay almost $4 for a cup of hot mocha that isn't what I ordered.  And it's really bad coffee.\n\nI used to be alright with them in a pinch, but honestly, I think this is it for me and ABP."
	: "I ran there once. I did not like it. There are no trees and you feel\nlike in a prison. To enter the trail you have to go through a heavy \nmetallic door similar to the ones you found in prison ward. And there is indeed a security guard right at the entrance. You\ncannot exist through any other gate as the whole\narea is surrounded by fences AND you cannot run\na little bit out of the path itself. You are reminded by numerous signs that you should not step outside the path (penal code xxx). In a few words, it is nature at its worst. \n\nParking is also very difficult on weekends. And do not park\non the streets of the professors, you will be ticketed.\nAnd no toilet facilities or water. \n\nThere are much better place to run or hike, \nlike the San Antonio Rancho\npark: water, nice trails, wild life, long or short trails, etc.\n\nThe only positive aspect of my run: I saw some radio telescopes a \nbit closer than usual, but again not too close as there are signs reminding everybody that it is a penal code to step outside the pave road. Give people a break.\n\nThank you Stanford to offer the space to ordinary people, but the invitation looks cheap given your financial means.\n\nSumimus"
	: "I would call this place a hidden gem. It had everything from Frida Kahlo-based painted pieces and Dio de Los Muertos style bits to affordably priced clothing and vintage style cards. I was greeted kindly and then left to my own devices for browsing. Definitely worth a trip back."
	: "Yum yum yums! Deliciousness in my tums!\n\nBongo burger is delicious, and I'm salivating just thinking about my next burger. I usually get the Black Bean burger or the Persian Sandwich, simply because I no longer eat beef. Both are delicious, and as well as all the beef ones (well, the ones that I tried before I gave up beef.). However, at this point, I almost religiously always get the Persian Sandwich. Can't really go wrong with lamb.\n\nBut honestly, it's not the sandwiches that captivate me. It's the fries. I know wavy fries are one of the lowest on the fry scale (with criss-cut/waffle fries at the very top), but for some reason, Bongo makes wavy fries like no other. They're perfect, and everything wavy fries should be. Not to mention that they offer a ranch dipping sauce, which is better than crack cocaine (it's a metaphor! i honestly wouldn't know). I usually need about 3.5 portions of ranch, 2 for my sandwich, and 1.5 for my fries. *licks lips*\n\nBongo makes me happy. I mean, I think I prefer the Northside and Westside stores over the Southside one (Southside wins only due to proximity). It's location next to People's Park has made it an interesting journey on several occasions. However, one of the conviences of the Southside location, it offers a huge table. Good for groups of 6!"
	: "Well, it was OK. Not great, and the lamb sish kabob was really not that special (and not much meat). The highlight was the yogurt sauce with the flat bread. The service was sort-of OK, but I hate it when they make a big deal of clearing away your table to try to get you to leave... is it illegal to sit an talk for a few minutes after you eat when you just dropped almost $200 for 10 people? Stay away from the wine - nobody liked what they ordered..."
	: "We have had a very positive experience with Roland; more specifically with Kurt. We needed some special attention to our lease situation and Kurt was extremely fair and helpful. In fact, we will be renting from them next year."
	: "this place is awesome - plenty of room and very authentic food.  parking can be a pain once in a while, but the food is fresh and the choices are amazing.  so many choices and things to eat.  portions are very generous as well.  wish there was some spicier sauce tho, but overall would very much highly recommend!  thumbs up"
	: "Pros:\nThis is an excellent coffee shop to hang out with friends and chat on a sunny day. Most of it is outdoors, though under an overhand and some trees. Its location, on the corner of College and Bancroft, is great. \n\nCons:\nIt's often too distracting to study here, but that depends on the person. You need Airbears to connect to the internet here, and the signal is spotty. Food and drinks aren't that great (same stuff as FSM), and they only have pastries, no sandwiches. Cash-only"
	: "I LOVE THE WHITE PIZZA! I've been here multiple times and always had good food and good service. Went once on my birthday and staff was friendly and accommodating. I even bought the music CD they were playing over at (Cactus Mambo Ibiza). It's a good place to start off or end an evening in Rice Village or on a weekend afternoon. \n\nNext door to the Kelvin Arms is a plus and I highly recommend both places."
	: "So, this place has awesome ambience.  Came here for my two year anniversary and the service was really good.  We ordered the four course classic which included cheese, a salad, meat, and dessert.  Those who are not familiar with fondue, you dip bread into hot cheese, and you cook the meat yourself.  Out of everything, I recommend just getting the cheese fondue and the dessert fondue.  Our waiter was really cool too.  For dessert he gave us a concoction of his own imagination.  It was mixed with melted snickers, peanut butter, and a bunch of other heavenly ingredients.  Lastly, the restaurant was amazing and put flowers on our table that my girlfriend could take home.  What a night!"
	: "i got a groupon deal for this and i knew i'd have a chance to be around the area - so i wanted to give it a try! \n\nwhen i first pulled up, i was a little hesitate because it's basically a residential house - looks like the owner for the lot just decided to turn this residential land into some business? i think i recall seeing a dentist office at the back 'the back house'...\n\nafter i stepped in though i feel much better, the calming music, the scents and the warm welcome from the girls. the wax was done pretty fast and painless - she tried to make small talks with you too to drive away your attention.\n\nwould recommend - especially if you see any more deals!"
	: "I feel wrong for giving Cupkates only 3 stars, but I have to preserve my integrity! I love the concept of the cupcake truck and it clearly is spreading a lot of yummyness everywhere it goes, but I just don't love the cupcakes themselves. Take the red velvet for example. The cake is moist and possesses the faint chocolate taste I adore so much, but I find the frosting to be a bit greasy and oily, rather than smoothly creamy. While the cupcake looks quite cute, I wish that the frosting weren't piped so tall and so centered. When the frosting reaches 1.5\" from the cupcake itself, I end up having to take a bite of pure frosting...a waste because I'd prefer to eat it with the cake part! \n\nStill, seeing the Cupkates truck never fails to make me smile, and I know I'll give in to getting a cupcake once in awhile when I see it invitingly parked on a street."
	: "they are only open from a selective window for lunch and dinner.  there's a table right by the window kind of a windowsill table.  its very romantic straight out of lady of the tramp romantic and cute.  very cute and quaint overall.  had the clam pasta it was actually quite good.   pretty authentic italian for westwood.  not bad at all."
	: "*gurgle gurgle*\nmexmart with jimador silver\n*gurgle gurgle*\nstuffed avocado with suiza sauce and whole black beans\n*nom nom nom*\n*gurgle gurgle*\nanother mexmart\n*gurgle gurgle*\n:)  !  :)  !\nzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz"
	: "Wednesday, 1:00PM.\n\nStopped by to get film (ol' school baby) developed - I know, I need a digital camera.\n\nQuickie: \n+Mom n' pop charm\n*Decent service\n*Knowledgeable\n\nAnd then...?\nWalgreens already gets enough business, will continue to show love to small(er) shops that can get the job done."
	: "I've never been for dinner, but I've been to several private functions here. They do an outstanding job with the hors d'ouevres, and the bartenders are great."
	: "Hadn't been back in a while until today, and this time the prices really shocked me. Don't know if they've raised prices or if I was less price sensitive before (unlikely since I was a student before), but it was outrageous! $1 for grilled onions? Seriously? 2 hot dogs, both with grilled onions, plus a Gatorade came out to over $16. That's ridiculous. Where are we, a ball park?\n\nIt did satisfy though. I just wish they'd lower the prices. It's an order at the counter, hot dog place."
	: "Gud breakfast everytime!!! On My first time here I tried their farmers omelette and blueberry muffin...Awesome!! The omelette was with ham but they agreed to accommodate only veggies option for me. The server was very cheerful and didn't push us to order a lot of food when asked for recommendation. The farmers omelette includes their yummy red roasted potatoes so u don't have to order a side of it. \nOverall, quick service n great food. They also have a big salad bar  with fresh veggies n fruits. They have servers everyday until 11am M-F i believe for breakfast seating and after that it's all self service and order at the register. \nGud place , I'll be here again for those yum yum roasted potatoes!!!!!"
	: "Eh.  Glad to have a nice lunch buffet.  Could be better, but good value, quick and easy, and pretty darn good!"
	: "I went there couple of times. \nI tried their bar and I tried their groceries. They have better quality  compared to Ralph's or Trader Joe's. However it is pricey. \nYou can enjoy launch for half the price. Similarly, you can enjoy groceries at 20 percent less. \nAlthough, it is pricey, I always enjoy shopping there :)\nyou can enjoy shopping too ;)"
	: "Slick online ordering system and generous loyalty discounts make me feel like I'm gaming the system just enough to keep coming back.\n\nI think each of the gourmet pizzas (predefined toppings) that I've had has been well conceived.  I especially liked the Mexican beauty, which comes with black beans, jalapenos, salsa, and monterey jack. Whole wheat crust can be a nice touch, although it doesn't have quite the bite you want in a pizza.\n\nThe subs aren't really an achievement of composition, but they put enough good stuff in there to make it worth your while.\n\nThe salads have been a let-down for me so far.  I think the ratio of frills (like pine nuts) to roughage is out of whack - by what I thought should have been the end of my spinach pine nut salad, a substratum of pine nuts and cranberries remained.\n\nJoin the mailing list for extra coupons and discounts -- its definitely worth it, as the standard menu prices aren't all that great."
	: "I just went here for the first time and had a wonderful meal. We all had the three course \"Home Grown Menu\", and everything we had was delicious. I particularly recommend the burratini.\n\nThe one downside was we had to wait more than 30 minutes for our table, even though we had a reservation. It was graduation week, though, so people were staying longer than they expected. I still think they could have managed this better."
	: "Great tabouli and I love the falafel. The veggie curry also rocks."
	: "WOW this place was awful. I'm usually a fan of Chipotle and I figure it must have been something to do with the all-new staff that comes with an all-new location. No less than five people handled my burrito and not one of them knew what to do with it, except maybe the guy at the tortilla steamer. I ended up with a burrito that was literally cold. Poorly wrapped as well, but the awful part was the chilliness. Jesus. I don't know if it was due to the excessive amounts of salsa or inadequate heating of the ingredients, but this burrito was frigid and nasty. I don't know why I even went here in the first place, considering the alternatives in the neighborhood."
	: "I love their Vegetarian sandwich (special #4). the bread is toasted to perfection and the combination of spinach and eggs is mouth-watering.  Overall it is very tasty."
	: "IKEA is horrible.... from a customer service perspective.  After THEY made a mistake ringing up an order for a sofa, they wanted us to walk back up to the sofa department to have them re-enter everything.  They wouldn't budge on this and said it was the only way they would sell us the sofa.  We walked out and I've never been back.  I won't go back.\n\nOther than that experience, they've got some 'neat' stuff, but nothing that really works in a suburb environment.  Trying to furnish your downtown loft or apartment?  You may be in luck ... unless you have to special order something.   Then it's russian roulette."
	: "Good for all you can eat sushi.\nBad for tastiness.  \n\nSushi Star has a pretty good menu (but it lacks crucial details like what is inside their maki...what's a \"hamilton roll\"?), but quantity is their strength, not quality.  The staff is friendly and courteous.  \n\nGo with friends - it's fun and pretty good if you want to eat a lot of sushi, but don't expect the best eating experience of your day."
	: "This store has to have the most helpful knowledgeable employees on the planet. I teach art at a nearby school and have come in many times for tons of wire, masking tape, buckets, drop clothes, rope, etc etc. \n\nNot only do they not bat an eye when I purchase at least 20 of an item less than $2 but they give me their contact info so I can call ahead for a bulk purchase. The card is also really neat.\n\nI am a huge fan, and super excited that it's so near to work!"
	: "the chicken salad sandwich is good comes w/ a slice of watermelon lol =P"
	: "Coming here is like being a part of a secret society, you gotta be in the know (even to find the entrance!)  Went here for a group dinner a while back and it was pretty good - great value and everyone is eager to please.  \n\nYou can see the kitchen from pretty much wherever you are so if you really want to keep an eye on the staff you can (but that would be creepy).  \n\nGreat food and great prices - try it out (if you can find it!)"
	: "It's okay... I got the bento box for $20 and ordered teriyaki salmon and sashimi. The former - very tasty. The latter - not. The fish were not fresh and thus not as good. Oh well. Next!"
	: "Great place  to grab a quick lunch.\nYummy sandwich and drink, etc. for about  $ 5.\n\nThey use great crusty bread, tasty and simple ingredients, and fills the belly."
	: "BIG FAT SANDWICH THATS CHEAP\nthe wheat bread is amazing\nreally easy to order\nthe full sandwich is huge which is saying alot cuz ill eat forever\ni suggest the destroyer\nits pretty bomb not gonna lie\nalot of outdoor seating so its a good place for the summer time chillin"
	: "Just got my hair cut here. I haven't had my hair cut professionally in seven years; most of this time my hair was short and I had figured out how to cut it myself with some interesting first experiences.\n\nAnyway, now that my hair had actually grown out beyond my scope of expertise, I came here at the suggestion of my fiance. They can do it. They can cut my hair and his and have us in and out in about a half hour. It looks good, too! And affordable!\n\nI didn't get anything fancy, mostly cleaned up my tangled mass, but my head feels so much lighter and has a simple, nice shape. I could have gotten fancier with it, but I'm low-maintenance and at the suggestion of the haircutter went with simple. Glad I did, too.\n\nThey are extremely friendly. Very personable. Yes, I will be going back here!"
	: "i guess the gods must be financially well off if they can afford eating here on a regular basis (note: if any of you gods up there have any extra cash to spare, please send some way, i promise i'll believe in you and won't doubt your existence anymore)\n\ni can't really complain about prices, though; my BFF Zeus treated me here for lunch one day.  Helios was supposed to join us but didn't have much of an appetite after being hungover.  it was nice sitting outside on the balcony and eating our sandwiches, and sharing our fries while gossiping about how Apollo caught Calypso in bed with Aphrodite the week before.  that floozy!\n\nI can't really comment much on the food since i'm not a god myself, i'll defer my judgement over to Zeus, if I could ever convince him to join yelp."
	: "I finally made it out to this place.  I've been wanting to compare it to Espetus in the city.\n\n(Note, before I continue: DO NOT starve yourself thinking you can take in more food! Bad call on my part because (1) my stomach shrank and I was stuffed after the damn salad bar (2) you'll just be throwing away your $$$ if you don't try a small piece of everything (3) just come prepared to eat a lot of meat)\n\nI actually like the ambiance and the set-up more at Pampas.  Great lay-out (tri-level), spacious, can accommodate large parties, service was good, attentive to your needs (you can \"pre-order\" the meats you want them to come around with), good vibe all around.  They also have a good cocktail menu.\n\nEspetus does have a better salad bar (more selection) and better desserts though.  \n\nTotally recommend this place, but save it for a special occasion because it's on the pricey side ($44/person for the unlimted option - which isn't THAT bad for all-you-can-eat)... That doesn't include your drinks.  I ended up paying $61 with ONE cocktail, so it can add up fast if you're a drinker."
	: "East-coast Pinkberry.\n\nThat's right; I said it.\n\nIt's the tangy yogurt flavor you've come to love and expect combined with fresh fruity goodness. Or chocolate. They won't judge.\n\nDon't expect much room to sit and enjoy your coffee or froyo, but I bodily drag people here anytime I'm in the extended Harvard Square/Cambridge area and they (my friends) usually seem much less dubious on the way out than they were on the way in."
	: "I stopped in here yesterday for a couple pints of Guinness, and then learned about the half-price food from 5-7:30. So, I decided to order a burger. It wasn't the greatest burger I have ever had, but it did the trick. I have had the seafood combo dinner here before, and I remember that was great! I'm sure I'll stop in here on a regular basis. I like the atmosphere, the service is pretty good, and they serve great beers. What more can you ask for? :D"
	: "One of my frequented spots on the Ave. Looking something a little different than pho and a bit more personalized? Well here you are. I like to order the #5 (comes with some meat, an hard boiled egg, naruto slices and bamboo shoots). The best part is that you can add extra noodles, and assorted extras like the stuff that comes with your meal.\n\nNot a ramen sort of person? I have personally never tried any of the other dishes, but my boyfriend has enjoyed the gyoza and I often see people eating those dishes."
	: "I agree with other yelpers in that this place isn't as good of quality as Four Lear or Ten Ren, but still definitely has good boba and Taiwanese snacks/food. The manager is a sweet Taiwanese lady that always hooks it up. She makes the drinks the best and will customize it any way you like (amount of sugar, syrup, ice, pudding, jellies.. ask and you shall receive, just like they do in Taiwan!!). The food isn't of restaurant quality, but I have a soft spot for Taiwanese snacks and they have a good variety.. popcorn chicken, tea eggs, minced pork with rice..  yum yum yum. \n\nThe cafe could be brightened up a bit, but it seems like they're not trying too hard to make this a real study spot/student hang out. A lot of the asians on campus come here, so it may be even loud at times if you do come here to try to study. There also isn't many outlets. Come for a drink and snack, but not if you're trying to hang out for long."
	: "The sales staff seem to have more knowledge than other Audi Dealers in So Cal. that I have dealt with. The sales staff really try to do their best before, during and after the sale. Ricky was the person who worked with me and he really has a lot of knowledge of the vehicles. These cars have a lot of electronics and there is a lot to learn! We will see how it goes once I have to deal with service."
	: "Ugh. So not good food... although maybe that's because I was forced to eat here way too many times when I was on the CMU meal plan. The pizza is pretty bad, although the paninis are decent (but small). If you aren't on the mealplan, this is overpriced and not worth your time.\n\nDuring off hours, this can be a fun place to sit around with friends... cozy couches, and nice windows to look out of. But during peak hours you definitely won't be able to find a seat.\n\nOnly redeeming factor IMHO: froyo. Usually 2 flavors are available, and it's pretty cheap-- about $2. Great for when you're having a rough day and just need a sweet treat!"
	: "Naan N Curry on Telegraph is very spacious and close to campus. I only come here when I have a deal. College life = broke life.\n\nChicken Tikki Masala: Ehh, I've had better. The chunks of chicken are either a hit or miss. I hate when they're dry :(\nVegetable Tikki Masala: Ehh. There's really nothing to say about this. It was acceptable.\nGarlic Naan: Wasn't warm. Skimped on the garlic for sure.\n\nEverything was mediocre at best. My food has consistently came out lukewarm too. I don't see myself ever coming here without a coupon. Best thing about this place is probably the free chai in the back!\nFor good Indian food around the UC Berkeley campus, I definitely recommend Indian Flavors Express on Bancroft."
	: "ah, work holiday luncheon. we had a huge table, and they sat us in an atrium-like area. the server was pleasant. the food was pretty decent. i went with crab-stuffed portabello mushroom with a cognac cream sauce. so naughty. (it would have been even better if i didn't find a few shells in the crab. oh well.) i also got a garden salad with salmon. it was really nicely done. it was a small piece of pan-seared salmon on a bed of greens with balsamic vinaigrette. yum. the wine selection and martini list are pretty decent."
	: "Do you ever have a place that you walk by all the time, literally hundreds of times, but never go in?  Well, that was this restaurant situated conveniently between BART and Berkeley campus.  Finally, my friend Jonathan and I popped in for an early dinner and actually had a really tasty meal.\n\nI had a great chicken koobideh kabob (saffron chicken) with saffron rice...do you sense a theme?  Of course, one can never get too much saffron.  The chicken was moist, delicious, tender (this sounds like chicken porn).  Jonathan's lamb was maybe even better.  I wouldn't have minded some veggies thrown in the mix though.  \n\nOne big plus was the wine by the glass.  It was actually a generous pour.  I hate the restaurants that think a bottle of wine equates to 15 glasses.  A little odd is the flat bread and butter they serve as a starter.  Maybe with some hummus instead.  All in all it was pleasant, although I can't really give them any points for value.\n\nWhat is an \"Alborz\" anyway?  Well, if you google, it looks like the name of lots and lots of Persian restaurants.  Now if you google even more you discover it's a mountain range in northern Iran.  And now you can try to impress your server when you come."
	: "chili was delicious!  We visited the spot by University of Maryland and it was filled with a young, college vibe.  My partner enjoyed his strawberry shake and his sandwich.  This place is very inexpensive compared to other sandwich joints."
	: "Verizon Wireless--Westwood. OMG. I have one word for this store. Amazing. Everyone is very attentive and sweet. I think within the last 3 weeks I was into the store at least 4 times before I actually \"pulled the trigger\" and upgraded phones/merged on to the family plan. One particular associate, Erik, is a total gem. He blew everyone out of the water. He knew what he was talking about and was honest as far as what would be the best deal for me. I didn't feel pressured or felt like a piece of sale if that makes sense. Haha but seriously!  I definitely recommend Erik to everyone. You will feel confident and excited about your purchase/upgrade because you will leave there knowing you had a real conversation with a real person that actually cares! Erik, you rocked it!"
	: "I wouldn't think I'd like a sports bar, but I really like Chumley's. The beer selection is huge.\nThe vibe is pretty friendly, and it's been a good place to catch up with people when in town. \nIf I still smoked, it would get five stars, but because I don't the air gets a little thick and unbearable after awhile. So, four stars."
	: "I come here every so often for the following reasons:\n\n1. I go to school nearby.  It's on my way from dorm to class.\n\n2. 2 Pepperoni slices + Drink special is cheap\n\n3. It's greasy and quick and filling for lunch on the go.\n\nI ventured out of my pepperoni combo once to try the crazy topping Sicilian slices and I was not impressed."
	: "Terrible customer service, unforeseen charges and my car problems remain."
	: "I hate to do this...it is another bad review of the Harvest Bar. You might think that after the last review I posted a year ago, we wouldn't go back. But we did. Twice. And the experience was almost identical each time. \n\nThe problem is the bartender. The guy is just not up to snuff for a place like this. \n\nHe spends time talking to his friends and acquaintances about his own personal life and neglects other customers. On our first visit after my bad review, he offered to let me taste one of the wine by the glass offerings that he had suggested to go with some food I had ordered.  When I wrinkled my nose at it, he whisked the glass away and said well, what else would you like? On our last visit he forgot my husband's request for a second drink because he was busy chatting with his friends. Then he double charged us for one of our food items. \n\nAfter our last three visits (yes we gave it three tries with this bartender) it has slipped off our radar for good. \n\nBetter sophisticated bar choices for mature folks in Harvard Square are Sandrine's, Rialto, Casablaca (a little noisy). Actually the bar at Legal Seafood is not bad either. I even prefer the bar at Cambridge One for a pizza or salad snack to the indifferent service at the Harvest. In Central Square, Central Kitchen, Rendevous, and Craigie on Main are excellent sophisticated bar choices...way better than the Harvest. \n\nBy the way, this wouldn't put me off from eating a seated meal at the Harvest, especially in summer when the terrace is open.  And the food is, indeed quite good. But thumbs down on the bar...until they replace the staff."
	: "Extended menu means it now takes more than 30 minutes to get a sandwich.  Prices have gone up, quality has gone down.  They need to limit their options and provide WAY better service.  So sad because this place had a lot of potential!"
	: "Ryno's is definitely better than Papamingo's.  They aren't stingy with the toppings and I like how they have a \"mini\" size.  A mini original with one topping cost about $3, which is more expensive than the yogurt I get in SF.  The tartness is just right, but the texture of the yogurt was more watery than normal.  \n\nIf I was in Berkeley and craved yogurt, I would swing by here."
	: "My favorites:\n\n- toasted english muffin with butter, no jam. there's no need for jam. the muffins are so tender and yummy, especially when warm and buttery.\n\n- spinach salad with sliced almonds, mandarin orange, sliced strawberries. goat cheese (with added grilled chicken breast) and homemade (it seems homemade to me) balsamic dressing of some kind. the dressing is AMAZING. sweet, with poppy seeds, tart, rich. it goes perfectly with the goat cheese and oranges and strawberries. and chicken. actually, i must confess that i prefer to sop up the leftover dressing with my toasted, buttered english muffin. way better than any jam. it's like a meal and dessert all in one. SO GOOD!!\n\n- quiche! So good! so far i've had two kinds: 1) mushroom and caramelized onion, 2) sweet potato, corn, and feta. the mushroom might have been my favorite. amazing with fresh herbs (i think thyme? or sage?)\n\ncoffee's good.\n$ is good.\nservice is good.\nfood is great.\nfresh, tasty, reasonably-priced\nbasically, this is my new favorite spot in harvard square."
	: "Despite torrential downpour outside, I left an empty indention in my couch for the subterranean comfort of this vegetarian cafe. But really I'm not hip enough, contemporary folk loving enough to eat at this place. And the staff let me know it by their unrelenting fascination with the tasks at hand and lack of eye contact.\n\nAfter days of Norwegian kippered fish, bread and poorly flavored cheese I wanted something green, fresh and well flavored. VP sounded promising because I (erroneously) associate \"vegetarian\" with these things. There's the issue of the minestrone. Tastelessness that no amount of salt could fix. But maybe some veggie stock. With overcooked veggie mush. I should have stuck with the pizza. Which they put rice on. Though the crust is damn good. But rice, white rice. Shouldn't you guys be serving some organic, brown variety? And the lemonade, though sweetened with some raw goodness was super concentrated. In the future I'll buy one and dilute it for two of us. Yeah, the Caesar salad tasted good. Even with vegan crumbly cheese, fried tofu (too salty), kalamata olives and tomatoes. One could consider it well rounded. So I'll take it. If I go to Passim for a show. But otherwise, maybe not."
	: "Stopped by this store to get a quote for re-heeling my black boots. A nice Korean gentleman quoted me $15 and told me he could have them done in 10 minutes! Great! I sat down, took off my boots, and read an article while my shoes were repaired. All in all, service is fast, friendly, and well done. He even gave my boots a quick polish."
	: "I feel like a queen riding my Pashley Princess Sovereign!  Many thanks to Joe and the rest of the crew for opening up a terrific new bicycle shop--offering a wonderful selection of hard to find bicycles and having great accessories to match!!  Run, don't walk to visit this new shop, and enjoy riding away on your new wheels!!!"
	: "I wish I loved the 73 five stars worth!!!  I like much about this bus.  Most of the bus drivers are friendly & considerate.   The bus does run frequently and during peak hours you can generally just go out to your stop and one will come along pretty shortly.  And as noted, you can wait inside when you're heading back to Waverly from Harvard Square.\n\nDrawbacks:  If you take a bus headed to Harvard Square between 7:30am and 8:30 am (many, many folks) and live AFTER the Belmont border of Cambridge, then you will experience the oh so frustrating delight of many MANY buses passing you by, theoretically too full for you.  I have actually watched 3 buses pass me buy.  And the busdrivers passing you buy point back like another bus is even visible.  HAH!  It can still be a 10 minute wait, which just about guarantees that that bus will pass you by as well.\n\nHowever, one HUGE drawback is that the Sunday schedule doesn't really get you to Harvard Square until 7am.  Which on a Sunday isn't really a big deal for me as I like to be asleep.  However, on \"Sunday\" holidays, it is a huge issue cuz I work some place I need to be at 7am."
	: "For the price and location (ann arbor), the food here is very good.  Echoing the reviews below, you just need to order off the Chinese menu and you should have a much better experience.  If you order anything Americanized (sweet and sour pork, etc etc), you probably wont have as good a experience.  \n\nPersonally I like the pork and string beans, as well as the singapore noodles.  Portions are GIANT, each dish is at least 2 meals.  Which is great for poor students.  And if you go with the right person, you should be able to get a free dish or two..."
	: "Expectations rise as I enter this store - baked goods to the right, deli straight ahead, and seating in a separate room to the left. Everything looks delicious, the staff looks friendly enough, so to the right I go for my morning baked good. I opt for the chocolate croissant, mainly because counter-girl was obviously losing patience with me while I tried to decide - but they don't have the best display. There should be a sign in the window that says \"decide here because you can't peruse inside.\" Anyway, chocolate croissant: 1) The chocolate was of the melted-and-hardened type. 2) It was not fresh, and in addition to not tasting fresh, it was cool, 3) it was not flaky. The consistency was something between flaky croissant and hostess fruit pie (but it definitely tasted better than the fruit pie). People spoke highly of Black Sheep, so I'll give the deli a try next time I'm in town."
	: "I live in the neighborhood and have frequented this place for years.  It's a great little hole in the wall - not a place to go to for a fine dining experience, but the food is tasty, cheap and for the most part, authentic. They do have a few Tex-Mex and other Mexican-American menu items to satisfy all the gringos, but I stay away from those items and have little sympathy for those who order burritos or quesadillas and then complain about the lack of authenticity. Oh, and in response to one of the earlier comments - that was Oaxaca string cheese in your burrito, not mozzarella.  The staff are all really nice, though they can be a bit disorganized when things get busy (which happens frequently).\n\nThe tacos are really good and are cheap, but my favorite dish by far is the green chilaquiles (not on the menu, but the restaurant does make it upon request).  Order it with a fried egg or two on top - mouth-watering and big enough for two people to share.\n\nFull disclosure - I don't eat meat, but meat-eating friends who I've taken to have all enjoyed their orders."
	: "The Heights is a gem in Morningside.  Buy as many margaritas as you can drink before happy hour ends!  (7pm, but watch out, they will kick your butt)\n\nOver my years at school, I probably went there about 50 times.  It gets really crowded on Thursday, Friday, and Saturday, so if you don't like that, avoid those nights.  If you are looking for a bar near Columbia on a weeknight, this is the place, as the smaller space is more inviting and comfortable.\n\nThe food is great, and I have been here for brunch, lunch and dinner.  The food is a good deal, and pretty much everything on the menu is delicious.  The guys who work here are friendly and great!\n\nIt probably deserves 4 stars overall, but since I had so many great times here, and was never let down, it gets 5."
	: "Hog's Back is a much needed addition to the restaurant scene in Ithaca.  \n\nFirst off, this place is brand new.  It still looks a lot like the former restaurant Pangea, but I'm sure it will take on its own style soon.  My one piece of advice is to put some some picnic tables outside where you can get messy with the food.  \n\nTheir signature dish is the half-rack of ribs.  You can order them either wet or dry.  I was with a friend so we got both.  \n\nWe were pleased with both.  The sauce is sweet and spicy.  Meat was tender.  \n\nIf you need extra sauce they are more than happy to provide a pretty good pepper sauce as well as a selection of both homemade and bottled hot sauce.\n\nDecent sides include slaw, collards, corn cakes, etc.  Cornbread was a little dry.  But overall good selection.  \n\nThey have a great bar with tons of local beers to choose from."
	: "Fresh fish, creative rolls, although I must say some of the rolls are over the top. \n\nI started with some tuna tartare and ebi soro. The tuna tartare was different compared to other places, it had a little tangy kick to it. The ebi soro was button mushroom with a shrimp stuffing. I prefer the fresh taste of the tuna tartare.\n\nFor rolls I ordered the shichi hako and the lotus, both were excellent. The shichi hako was a box type roll with a little bit of everything. The lotus was a shrimp tempura roll topped with snow crab, it's actually real snow crab, not imitation.\n\nAll the nigiri was very fresh, the uni especially. The o toro is one of the best in the area I have ever tasted. Not only was it good, it was way underpriced, $13 at the time, the price changes with the market.\n\nI had the lychee sherbet for dessert, tasty, palate-cleansing, and fresh.\n\nThe atmosphere is very nice, chic, up-scale, and modern. The service was very friendly, knowledgeable wait-staff (mine was at least).\n\nWell, rounded sushi place, with price that is very affordable. The perfect choice for a first date restaurant."
	: "The store itself is very nice and they do have some really pretty items. Great clothes..but expensive. The big turn off, the sales staff. Snotty and not helpful. I have walked in a few times..to just be ignored. And I was set to buy that day..but walked out. They need to re train their staff."
	: "I love Carrie. I know many people who get their haircuts here and for good reason. \n\nCarrie has a delightful personality and she is very good with the scissors. My daughters get their haircuts here, too, and they always love the result. Carrie is creative and listens well to what an individual wants. She will try new things if you like, but also will stick to plan. \n\nI like that there's a place in town for Aveda hair products again. \n\nSo far, I haven't tried any of their other services, but I am scheduled for color soon."
	: "Rude staff, can't get orders right, terrible coffee. With Au Bon Bain, Starbucks, Voltage and several cafes in stumbling distance, this is the most avoidable pastry shop this side of the North End.\n\nAmerica runs from Dunkin."
	: "Found myself in Chapel Hill for the night, and Yelped for a Chinese joint nearby.  I have to agree with the majority who praise their food.  I had the Twice cooked pork which was a 1 (out of 3) pepper dish.  It was plenty spicy for my American buds, and had a wonderful flavor.  Beware however that the pork is dried, therefor very salty and fatty.  It was like being served a pile of 40 delicious slices of bacon.  As good as it was,I could only eat about 1/2 of the entree.  I would definitely eat here again."
	: "Even though I came to ZaSpa for a not relaxing service (waxing) I felt so relaxed! I was able to get an appointment the day I called. They were so nice and friendly on the phone and even told me I could use the valet parking and they would validate it. \n\nI arrived and they had me fill out the normal paper work for a first time visit. Then I was lead to the relaxation room with water, fruit, comfy chairs and relaxing music. I was offered a robe and locker for my purse but declinded since it was facial waxing. I sat there for about 5 minutes. Then I was escorted back to the room where my waxing would happen. The room was very relaxing also. The tables you lay on are heated! Even in the summer it was wonderful. There was also a tiny crystal chandilier in the room. It made me feel fancy.\n\nThe waxing was as painless as it can be. My waxer knew everything to ask about what type works on me and exactly where I wanted waxed. She was great! Felt very comfortable. And she put that stuff on after to make your face not hurt as much after your hair has been torn out of your face. \n\nShe also let me know that if you use the spa you can use the pool! Which was packed when I was there with  a bodyguard outside so you can't pool crash. \n\nThe prices were very reasonable. They were what I expected. They do add a service charge which equaled to be able what I would have tipped so I didn't mind.\n\nI will be back!"
	: "3.8\n************This review is based on the Neurology Clinic****************\n \nRoom/Suite:  A301\nMailing Address:  300 Pasteur Drive\n                                      Stanford, CA 94305\nContact Phone:  (650) 723-6469    \nFax Number:  (650) 725-0390\nDays and Hours:  Monday - Friday, 8:30am - 5:00pm\n\nIt's really hard to review a hospital, and I am going to try to provide a bias free review...so here goes...\n\nFirst off, It's very difficult to diagnose and treat a disease with no cure in site.  Secondly, I commend all of those in the medical progression trying to find innovative techniques and solutions. \n\nThat being said, although the Neurology staff at Stanford  tries their hardest, I still feel a sinking pit in my stomach that manifests itself as a doubt.  Doubt...more like a feeling that more could be done.  \n\nAlthough friendly, the physicians are not the very consistent with my father's care.  I hate having to explain everything over and over and over and over.  I keep thinking..you guys have his chart on the COMPUTER.  LOG IN...check out his history prior to the appointment.  It's one thing to ask \"what's new\" versus \"so tell me about your dad's case.\"   \n\nAs we all know there are  lot of residents.  I think he has already had 2 residents overseeing his case, and he is about to go to number 3. I just found out his current gal went on maternity leave.  It's really hard trying to get a hold of any one...and even the attending(Dr. So) is a character that comes in and out of the picture.   \n\n\nI thank them for finally diagnosing my father with his condition.  As opposed to Kaiser...this hospital was able to see the symptoms and call it what it was. Boo on Kaiser...but that's another story.\nI thank them for accepting all my \"second opinion\" requests and letting us explore various scenarios. \nI thank them for allowing us to see a movement disorder specialist.\nI get super angry when they can't(not any fault of them)offer any other help, but again, don't blame them.\nI thank them for having a positive attitude and trying to lessen the blows with smiles.\n\nOverall, as opposed to Kaiser, I would recommend Stanford Neurology.  I do think my dad is getting good care, and has access to various resources.  I just wish a cure would come already!!!!\nURGH!"
	: "The Griffin or the St. Charles are my favorite sandwiches. A little bit of a wait (especially during the morning rush), but definitely a good place to get some coffee or grab something to eat. They also have a variety of salads and snacks. You can also use your Blue Bucks there if you are a student"
	: "I really like Taste of Thai Express. Their Pad Thai is consistently good. I also love their Massaman Curry. Their lunch specials are a great value, too."
	: "This place is highly overrated.  First, you have a hard time finding a parking space.  I had to give my keys to a bum, and pray that he would return my car.   We waited 5 hours in the sweltering heat with the rest of the herd, and we were finally seated.  They only have one item on the menu that consist of Chicken and Waffles, and I think it's an appetizer.   However, the smothered chicken was good, but I could have ate it at any run of the mill soul food restaurant."
	: "Craiggers, I'm a bit surprised....had dinner like a real grown up person in the restaurant instead of at the bar and it was a letdown. Probably my expectations were too high. I was hoping for transcendent and got just fine.\n\nI had been thinking that my companions and I would go in for a tasting menu, but we were all exhausted and didn't think we could do 6 courses, so we just did the pre-fixe. I was in a weird mood and ordered two things I never order-- soup (pumpkin) and chicken (stuffed with chicken sausage).\n\nBut before I go any further about the menu or the food, I need to say this: the bread basket is so perfunctory/terrible that I wish they just hadn't brought any bread. I mean, the bread was COLD, colder than room temp.  And not baked on the premises, I'm pretty sure. The butter was also too cold to be spreadable.  Look, I don't advocate filling up on bread before what is meant to be an amazing meal, but I just found it strange that Craigie wouldn't try to do something to make the bread not suck so much. The bread basket made the statement that no one should care about the bread basket. It was a mockery of bread baskets and diners who love their free bread.  \n\nNow that that tangent is out of the way, here's how the rest of the food went down: pumpkin soup was good, but not amazing. Came with a delicious sliver of grilled cheese and pork belly panini.  It was served with a comically large spoon. Friends got fusilli with confit chicken and veg and the smelts. No rave reviews on either -- but no complaints.  My chicken was very tender and obviously high quality meat -- but there was very little sausage, like a small \"ribbon\" of it through the breast. And it just wasn't that flavorful. I did taste my friend's swordfish and thought it was very good -- I probably should have gotten either pork or fish. \n\nWe also shared a side of brussel sprouts cooked in duck fat. They were tasty and I love b sprouts, but I couldn't really detect the duck fat flavor....which I thought was what was going to make them special/memorable. They smelled amazing, though. \n\nMy panna cotta for dessert was excellent -- light but creamy, and the granola gave it a nice crunch.  \n\nAll in all, nothing was bad, but nothing was stellar. And for what you're paying, it should be stellar."
	: "One more wonderful Starbucks to stop in to on a clod day wandering the Ave.\n\nGotta hand it to the staff. This is a busy place. They don't get flustered. Students who camp, harried grads, street people, professionals snuggling, parents with toddlers. We all coem in.\n\nThe standard warm and welcoming greeting of good coffee smell and smiles stands."
	: "Fabulous food! I've had breakfast and lunch here and everything is delicious! The prices are good too. I want to try their brunch but it is super crowded each time I go there, I Will try going earlier because I think it is worth it!\n\nThe only downside to it is that it is a bit small and I don't think they have a good ventilation system because my eyes hurt with the smoke from the kitchen, and the kitchen is not that tidy.\n\nOther than that, it rocks."
	: "A lot of things about this jazz club rock (ironic, I know).  The door guys were super professional and polite.  The space to work with inside is narrow, so they offered to put the guitar I had with me in their office to get it out of the way, which was very helpful.  We saw urban soul-jazz singer Gregory Generet there performing.  He's an excellent singer with a tight band and they put on a kick ass show.  The only complaint I have is that they expect you to purchase a 2 course meal.  I thought just ordering beer would be good enough, but apparently not, I was told I'd need to order at least an entree.  To the waitress's credit though, she conceded and said it'd be cool if I just ordered an appetizer.  I got the french onion soup, it was excellent.  I sampled a bit of everything, and it was all good.  I highly recommend this venue, just beware that if you go and don't order food when sitting at the table, you're gonna get the stink eye   : )"
	: "Within a radius of a few blocks, there's much better options. I'll give it one thing, the food is SUPER FAST. My friends rave about the cornbread and brownies. I want to love them, too. So badly. But they're average, like everything else here. And half of it doesn't seem that healthy, either..."
	: "Great little drug store.  They have all the essentials in case you (ahem) leave the house without deodorant or need to buy floss because you can't get part of your lunch out from between your teeth.  I speak from experience.  \n\nThe pharmacy is excellent too, very quick to fill prescriptions.  I have more faith in them than the drones at CVS not to screw up my prescription refills.  \n\nWhile this is part of the Sav-Mor chain, this drug store feels way less chainy than most of your other pharmacy options around town.  Also, this place has been around for a long time... probably longer than Perry Drugs (remember those?).  I recently saw a photo of South U in 1969 and noticed the same distinctive Village Apothecary store front."
	: "Definitely NOT that great. It's good compared to Domino's but not compared to any REAL NY style pizza place. Head a little further east to San Biagio's if you want GOOD pizza."
	: "clean store, nice staff, good selection, huge mirror."
	: "I'm so shocked by a lot of these reviews!! I love Zebras! I currently have 15 piercings (used to be 17 though), and have gotten all except my first lobe piercings at Zebras (although did have them gauged there a couple of times). I've been pierced by all of their piercers, so I've been there on a variety of different days, and have never had any issue with customer service. Actually people are usually suuuper nice, and if it's busy, which it always is on the weekends, they say hi, and that they'll be right with me. \n\nGiven, it is cramped up front, and on weekends can take a long time to get back there to get pierced. Still the only place I trust to get my piercings done though!"
	: "this store bad service, old electronics and used.  every one stay away from EID store don't west your time and money .\n\nmy story : This place sucks. I have purchased two laptops from them and have been dissapointed with their customer service. I dont know much about computers but got the impression they were taking advantage of me for my lack of knowledge. \n\nPart of the mouse pad button on my laptop was not working when I clicked it so I brought the laptop in. Keep in mind I bought the laptop from them just months earlier. I told them I wanted to know how much it was to fix. When I came to pick up the computer, they charged me $80 just to open up the computer and find out what the problem was! They never told me they charged labor just to diagnose the problem. I figured when they told me they would look at it and give me an estimate, that is what they would do. \n\nI regret ever doing business with this company. I did not know it at the time but there are many other stores/shops out there that have MUCH better rates and give you a much higher quality of customer service"
	: "Al Forno would have a much lower reputation if it were in Federal Hill. Thought he cuisine is not directly comparable, CAV and Rue De L'espoir but show much more creativity in their menu. Al Forno has simple dishes that are sometimes good, but usually lack any distinctive spark."
	: "Oh The Hangar, how I love you in so many ways.  Amherst was a shell of a town before you came.  Never did I know what I was missing while growing up in a town without your influence.  And then you came.  I was in college and it was the most glorious thing to happen to me before graduating.  Yeah, it was weird sometimes seeing my dad  sitting at the bar, chumming it up with the staff when I rolled in with my college buddies, but it was worth it every time.\n \nThe menu is perfect: big and topped nachos (don't worry, you get used to the chili in the place of salsa); the biggest potato skins outside of Idaho; fresh hot, cripsy fries (waffle or crinkle); lots of  cold beers on tap (including a $2-something Huge Coors Light); fresh, tasty sandwich wraps; endless sodas; pool; a jukebox; and that's not even mentioning the wings yet!  \n\nWho am I kidding?  We all go there for the wings, but you know it's a good place when you can order anything on the menu with confidence.  The wings are juicy and bigger than the norm (both boneless and on the bone).  One order can have numerous flavored sauces added to it (according to how big it is).  The plates are huge enough to split and still take some home, even if you follow the sizing suggestions.  And the ambiance is a place that I can call home: pub-like with a roll of paper towels on the table.  Hey, it used to be my dad's favorite haunt, guess it was a lot like home for me.  I need to schedule a trip to visit the parents, and by \"visit the parents,\" I mean we will eat at The Hangar."
	: "Food is kind of pricey, but the portion size is big compared to most other places. Their katsu is just ok but the sauce is amazing!"
	: "I have to admit that although P.F. Chang's is anything but authentic, I tend to enjoy some of their dishes.  Maybe it's the umami I enjoy, who knows?\n\nThis location always seems busy to me, but then again it's next to a shopping center.  Parking is ok, since they are located in the corner of a sea of a parking lot.\n\nWhen I walked in, the host pissed me off.  He straight up didn't see me standing to the side of the desk, and at that made me walk to the front though a bunch of people to talk with him.  Idiot...\n\nMy friend and I had already eaten, so we headed to the bar after we realized we didn't need to wait.  Walking to the bar, we realized this place was a zoo.  A semi-choreographed dance of waiters, food runners, and other staff seemed to be running around non-stop the entire time I was here.\n\nIt took us a little bit to get the bar tender's attention, but he apologized for that and had a drinks to us fairly quickly.  I had the sake flight, which was only $7 and wasn't half-bad.  My friend had the Chinese 88.  Since the bar was packed, somehow they made an extra drink, so she got 2 for the price of one basically.  Although it wasn't on the menu at this location, I have had the 'Forbidden City Tea' and it's to-die-for.\n\nHaving sat right next to the take out section, I noticed that most of the dishes seemed small in portion to what I was used to seeing, but I wasn't going to complain since we didn't order any entr\u00e9es.  Instead, we decided on having some mini desserts.  Picture a little cake or tiramisu seemingly cut into tall blocks and stuffed into shot glasses, and you have the idea of their mini desserts.  Seriously, for $2, how can you go wrong?\n\nAll-in-all this isn't a bad place.  When I think of Chinese, this place does NOT come to mind.  If I'm wanting a good cocktail and some faux Asian food, then this can definitely be my choice of poison."
	: "One of my most favourite used bookstores ever.  I got a trio of books I've been dying for at less than $6 total (they were between $15-$25 at your standard Barnes & Noble).\n\nThey have this hilarious section near the front that is clearly marked SMUT.  It houses a series of risque and totally maddening works from the 1800's (or lower?) to the '50's.  Read about housewives who break the rules!  Or better (maybe worse) still, read The Way of a Man with a Maid, by an anonymous writer explicitly describing his sexual rampage through Victorian society.  Or you can be boring and check out your everyday Marquis de Sade.\n\nI stood under that SMUT sign for, like, the longest.\n\n*Brain explodes*"
	: "I love Judie's.   I probably go there maybe every other week.\n\nThe popovers are delicious.  I don't know why someone said that Amherst had underdeveloped taste buds?  That's real nice... Please don't come back then.\n\nAnd every time I go there I get the BBQ Chicken Sandwich which I love.  It is flavorful and very filling.\n\nI remember the lines being very long.  However, it was fairly quick.  Lately though, there have been no lines and I've gone around peak dinner hours.\n\nTwo people on here said they should have gone to the Route 9 Diner instead.  And they say they have better taste?  Right..."
	: "What a gorgeous facility. I don't know how anyone that goes to school there can concentrate. The views are amazing!"
	: "Indian food is my favorite kind of food (and considering I'm French it's kinda funny) and this is one of the better restaurants in Pittsburgh. Their prices are very reasonable and they have many different discount offers going on every week. I highly recommend."
	: "the fondest memory I have with BML is that it has a nice grass are outside, on which I used to run barefoot to rehabilitate my injury.\n\nFor some reason, i can't focus on studying at BML compared to geisel. It must be due to the hardcore aura i feel from med students... god save them all (and i am atheist)."
	: "I'm a repeat offender. Mill is one of my guilty pleasures (along with Swish) but what else can I afford when I eat out in the area so often? I'd equate Mill almost with fast-food or Woorijip, if not slightly better, in a quirkier atmosphere. When I am in the mood for something warm and heavy, I hit up Mill for the same two or three things: ddukk bokkee, fried mandoo, and pork & kimchi dolsot bibimbap, along with the occasional lime rickey and bori cha (barley tea). I will admit that the menu is pretty unadventurous and most definitely catered to an American/college kid palette. The people you hear praising Mill most often are the ones who have never had \"real\" or good Korean food. Admittedly, the dduk bokkee comes out pretty bad sometimes and even if you dump the whole jar of gochujang in your bibimbap, it won't be remotely spicy. Still, Mill.. does.. the.. job? Biggest points for fast service and convenience."
	: "In the midst of a Sunday morning long run, here is where I love Manhattan. Here is where I escape the urban jungle.\n\nSunlight bursting through the leaves, I pass under the tree-lined canvas of fiery oranges and yellows and reds. I tread October leaves beneath my turning feet as I gaze across the water.\n\nWithering flowers along the path drop their final petals - to bloom again when the new leaf turns. I am reminded of the golden May afternoon when we came to where our favorite penpals finally met.\n\nIn the dusky shadow of a solemn memorial, we once sat and watched the children play in the twilight. And as I head toward the bridge, I look up to see the weathered crest of the last hill we climbed.\n\nMemories stir like so many fallen leaves as I fly northward. We rarely experience days like this on our ordinary concrete paths."
	: "This place wasn't bad. For the price of a hostel we get a basic room with two queen beds, a TV and shower. That's about it. Nothing fancy about the room but if all you want is to pay around $35 a person (there were two of us in the room so it was about $75 total) this place will work out just fine. The staff were friendly and answered all our questions."
	: "Two of my friends had never been in here, so as we walked down Telegraph, I ushered them into one of the sickest t-shirt/hoodie stores EVAR.  \n\nThey do a lot of East Bay shirts at this store - OAKLAND shirts with the Paramount Theater on the front, \"Keep Merritt Green\", and some obligatory Cal shirts.  My favorite shirt at this location is the BART map shirt...I was kind of glad to see they were out of the one shirt that I have from the SF location, because I'm hoping that hardly anyone has it and I won't have one of those moments where I run into someone else sporting the same shit.  \n\nUpper Playground isn't for everyone - if you're scared of big graphics and crazy printed hoodies, this may not be your steez...but it's a pretty dope store nonetheless."
	: "Meat so chewy your face will be sore for hours afterwards.  I still have a headache."
	: "had a very sweet milk thai tea with boba. quick service. a little on the smaller side for $3.50 - or at least compared to what i used to get in Chicago. good selection."
	: "I've been working in Pasadena at Caltech since 1995 and have been living in Pasadena since 2005. Since that time I have enjoyed going to Amigo's especially since moving here in 2005. When I want good mexican food and a good time all I have to do is walk two blocks up to Amigo's. Besides the food I like that it's a magnet for locals that live in the area as well as Caltech people. If your in the bar not only dose the conversations include sports it could also include science.\n\nOn Sunday (9/12/2010) I walked back from Old Town Pasadena and was hungry so I walked in and ordered one of my favorite dishes, the #21 Super Burrito. Most mexican restaurants, when you order a burrito, you get just the burrito and that's it but at Amigo's one gets a plate with rice, beans and the burrito of their choice. The Super Burrito will set you back $7.50. Not too bad for the amount of food you get and by the way I rolled home with a full stomach.\n\nOther items I enjoy:\n#19 Carne Asada Burrito\n#20 Colorado Burrito (Refried beans, seasoned beef, diced tomato, shredded lettuce & cheese all wrapped in a soft flour tortilla & covered with a red enchilada sauce)\n#17 Fajitas (Both steak & chicken)\n#1 Amigo's Nachos with steak\n#57 Machaca (Shredded beef saut\u00e9ed onions, bell peppers, tomatoes and egg) I always add jalapenos to kick it up a notch.\n#55 Carne Asada Dinner Plate\n\nWriting this has made me hungry see you at Amigo's!!!"
	: "WOW. I am rendered speechless--nay, almost wordless!--by CoHo's relatively recent (ok, I'm a little behind on the times) revamp. Let me tell you, CoHo was flying high my sophomore year (2003-2004). The menu at the time featured the incomparable Baja Chicken Caesar wrap. Imagine my horror when the BCC was replaced with an army of unfortunate-tasting crepes. I shudder to think. Long story short, boycott ensued, and I hadn't been back for food since, until today. Imagine my joy, my rapture, my utter ecstasy at finding a well-curated selection of panini. I ordered the portobello panini, and it was a mushroom-based slice of heaven. Mozzarella cheese, basil, toasted to perfection. In fact, it was reminiscent of Coupa's version, but--dare I say--better. Like Coupa, however, it came with a side salad of fancy greens. Can't those of us who only eat iceberg and romaine lettuce get a little love? I definitively declare--CoHo is once again THE place to eat on campus. Now if only they could bring back the BCC..."
	: "The Masters Studio offers hair stylists and a nail technician. Nancy does my nails once a week and I love her availability/flexibility with my crazy schedule. Nancy is so sweet and let's you relax and read the latest gossip magazine while she pretties your feetsies. She does a great job and I'm always satisfied. Best of all, her prices are GREAT!"
	: "I really like Harlem Tavern the food is great.. They have a nice brunch menu on Sundays. When a game is on it could get a little noise but I love the place."
	: "The staff is extremely friendly.  They are very helpful when you ask questions about how to get to places, and in need of recommendations.  The rooms are a nice size, in good condition.  Called for extra pillows, and had them delivered in 15 minutes.  I like having the kitchenette, as bringing home doggie bags, I can reheat my food easily.  \n\nThe breakfast buffet changes slightly daily, which is nice.  The morning staff is very efficient.  The food good.  I ordered room service a few times, and the food came hot, and quickly.\n\nThe parking situation is not great.  You have to obtain a parking permit from the front desk.  If you come back later (around 10pm) good luck finding a parking spot.  However, they are located 1 block from the Metro (light rail).  It is great getting into downtown.  They also offer shuttle service to all the medical centers and the Galleria."
	: "I am glad that I was brought to Ithaca to study and got the chance of living with Purity ice cream in the past few years. My taste buds tell me that their ice-cream are freshly-made without much preservatives. For ice-cream, I like the flavor of coffee and chocolate. Purity mix the coffee and chocolate flavor ice-cream in various way making them all of my favorite flavors. Mocha Chip, Chocolate Raspberry Truffle, Gimme Mocha Fudge, Peppermint Chocolate, all taste excellent! They are generous in scooping the ice-cream. I think Junior size is like a 1-scoop size, while 1-scoop is like a 2-scoop."
	: "Came here for dinner with friends when Jupiter was too crowded.  It was fairly quiet at dinner time... from the reviews I've seen on Yelp it looks like it gets more crowded late-night.  Good food, good beer."
	: "One of my favorite affordable Thai joints in town! My favorite dish here is the Pad Kee Mao. I'm pretty picky when it comes to the right squishiness of noodles but they've got it down pat.  As mentioned by countless others, be sure to come here for their happy-hour 6$ specials for (almost) all entrees with cash, which seems to be pretty much active all the time. It doesn't hurt that they've got a nice sense of decor and a chill music mix to give the right atmosphere."
	: "Downtown is lacking a good deli and this is as close as we can get. This deli has an overwhelmingly huge menu with endless combinations of bread and meat. But they also offer daily \"hot\" specials like shepherd's pie or chicken parm. The egg sandwiches (you can also get them in wrap form) are the best because they are made to order: a real egg cracked and fried just for you. They also have a case of donuts, muffins, pastries, breads that look freshly baked but I'm not 100% sure on that. Also the staff is sooooo nice!"
	: "This is my new favorite restaurant.  The food is Oh. My. God.  The chef is clearly a genius.  The wine list is excellent.  The staff are friendly.  The prices are reasonable.  If they had a jacuzzi, I'd never leave."
	: "This place is great. Great staff. Great coffee. Great music. Great environment. Love. it."
	: "Good sandwich. A little pricey but worth it for the fresh sourdough bread."
	: "I really wanted to like this place. My friend and I asked the bartender for recommendations and were disappointed. We ordered the Lamb Cheeks and they were fatty and the food was under salted and the gemolata was overwhelming. Wanted to still give this place a try so we ordered the Carrot Cake. We were disappointed when we received a \"deconstructed\" cake - 2 triangular slabs of semi-dry cake with a dollup of cream cheese frosting. They need to warn people that it is not your standard cake (which is what I was craving).\n\nThey really did try though. They took off the dessert, gave us some free glasses of Prosecco and some dry cookies (peanut butter, which is ironic given the Peanut Butter scare).\n\nI will try it again in hopes of a better experience. Do realize they are new."
	: "Definately the BEST food that I have had uptown! I wish I had found this earlier. Apparantly, it is only when I decide to move OUT of Harlem that I find something good nearby.\n\nNot only was the food not horrible overpriced (like the rest of the UWS), it was GOOD!! I find most everything here to be either poor quality or horribly bland. Pisticci was neither.\n\nWe started with the mussels in tomato-basil broth. It was light, and the mussels were large, meaty, and flavorful. To top it off, the texture was perfect. Not stringy or overcooked in the slightest.\n\nFor entrees, we both got specials. The cavatelli with veal ragu was hearty and heavy just like I wanted. The pasta was thick and held up well to the sauce (and even reheated quite well for breakfast this morning, since I cold only finish half of it). The linguini (?) with crab and spinich was light, and great to start spring. The sauce didn't overpower the crab at all. Well done!\n\nThe desserts were OK. The pineapple cake was good. The frangelico chocolate mousse was fine, but I couldn't taste any hint of frangelico. I think it's sad when a restaurant serves up desserts that aren't as good as the food, since it is the note that finishes the night. But then again, the food was really good. \n\nThe only warning I would give is that the specials are much more expensive than the listed entrees and pasta dishes (but stll are pretty inexpensive for what you get). The main entrees range from $9.99 to around 15. Our specials were $18 and $21. Not bank-breaking, but you should probably ask before ordering."
	: "Went on a Tuesday night - the place was quiet and empty. There was classical music playing and the overall atmosphere was nice. A couple polite servers were quick to help and take our order.\n\nThe sushi was good, but the rice was dry/old. The \"crunch\" ingredient in the sushi was surprisingly delightful- if you like vegetarian sushi, I highly recommend the Volcano roll. The miso soup and garden salad were both minuscule portions, but in a dainty kind of way that made you feel healthier. \n\nNot as good as Osaka in Northampton (15 minute drive away) .... but a slightly better value, still good food, and very nice service."
	: "Just like the Trader Joe's back home. \n\nThe store is clean, and people are friendly. \n\nI agree with others, the price is pretty reasonable for what they sell. I always love going to their frozen food section because they have pretty interesting and exotic combination of frozen food. Their desserts are also really amazing!\n\nI'm glad there's one in Claremont... I miss TJ!!!"
	: "Through another club owned by the same entity, I have been attempting to contact the owner as I know that if I was the owner of this club, I would want to put the GM in check.  Boy was I wrong, the owner could care less and shown me that by not communicating with me at all.  \nI used to think this was the best club I could find in the La Jolla area.  Boy was I wrong.  I'm happy to have joined another club, for half the price, with excellent customer service."
	: "Fellinis large pizza is too expensive for me, but you can buy slices with all kinds of toppings-- this makes Fellinis unique....the slices are 4 stars and the hot pizzas out of the oven are 5 stars...\n\nthe sandwiches are great....my favorite pizza is the spinachoke...try it you will like it....\n\nAlso, At different times, I get the Italian Wedding Soup or the Portuguese Sausage Soup....highly recommend--\n\nIn summary, the menu is a Hit-List............."
	: "nice little spot to hang out with a few friends, share a few bottles of wine, and some appetizers."
	: "Love this casual Westwood place.  Great interior seating that would be great for a big group.  The food is great and the special jams...on another world.  I love the chocolate spread especially.  Great place to chill on a Sunday in Westwood and relax."
	: "Yes, it's pricey, so we save it for special occasions or when my wife's grandfather is in town and paying :)\n\nThat being said, I've been looking forward to this summer since last fall, because nothing beats the traditional lobster on the patio. With coleslaw! and potatoes! and salad!\n\nI almost forgot - the bread and olives (sometimes you have to ask) are delish and keep my blood sugar up!"
	: "Lots of amazing beers right in the heart of AA.. food is good too."
	: "You feel like you're about to die. And then you realize that you've only gone half way and even if you wanted to quit you can't. \n\nDone the dish in 90 degree heat and windy 50s. Its a fantastic work out that makes you want to eat a huge burrito when you're done. \n\nBring water. Prepare to sweat.\n\nOh. And don't drink the water in the water fountain. It looks tempting but I've seen so many birds take a bath in it."
	: "At 2am on a weekend night, the clientele is colorful, the service friendly and the food...well just forget about the food.  The food ranges from mediocre to bland.  Just be grateful there is a colorful place to go for a late night meal."
	: "GREAT BREAKFAST!!!\n\nMy favorite place to grab weekend brunch with friends. I dislike people who dislike headlines. How can you dislike headlines!? The portions are huge and the food is delicious and prompt. \n\nCan be hard to find a place to seat as it gets crowded at times, but staff doesnt rush you out or anything. \n\nOmelets and burgers are both very very good. OMELETS ARE HUGE, and made me forget the dorm omelet bar. Who cares about the dorms when you can get a HUGE GIANT DELICIOUS OMELET for under 10 bux."
	: "Update: I had eaten at Destihl a couple months ago, and the best word for my dining experience at that point would be \"inconsistent.\" Last night I returned to Destihl so that I could form a more definite opinion. For my main course, I ordered the Brewmaster's Pizza, which was served with chicken, andouille sausage, ale onions, and an espresso-chipotle barbecue sauce. The pizza was nothing to rave about, but it probably would have been quite a bit better if a) the pizza had been served hot instead of lukewarm and rapidly cooling, and b) the crust had been cooked all the way through. My brother's pizza was also apparently cold and undercooked, and reading through the other reviews, this seems to be common for diners at Destihl who order pizza. I think I've probably accumulated enough evidence at this point--Destihl is not worth the high prices. There are so many better restaurants in Champaign."
	: "Gaahh, just take my money already.\n\nI almost don't want to post this review so people don't discover Berkeley Floor! I love, love, love this cafe. It's spacious, there's always been a table available when I go, and more importantly, the wifi works well and there are outlets accessible everywhere! This has definitely become my go-to place for studying near campus.\n\nThey offer pots of tea that I always see people drinking, and their salads are huge and definitely worth it. Try the tuna salad! They have a great selection of drinks and food. They even have a TV showing the latest sports game, but it is located in a spot where not everyone will be bothered if they're studying.\n\nAll in all, a great place that I hope doesn't change any time soon! Love it!"
	: "Perhaps the fact that we encountered \"cheerleader night\" will color my review, but my wife had cajoled me for months to sample this establishment as a quality venue. As we sat, considering our options, our server, John, upon hearing that we were considering leaving for a more familiar and reliable location, convinced us that regardless of our choice, we would be equally inundated elsewhere with the annoyances of young children running about, unattended and/or oblivious to their guardians.\n\nWith thanks to John, we stayed, as the buzz of unattended children diminished.\n\nThat said, we remained and sampled that which most appealed to us from the menu. \n\nThe Blue Crab Cake was delicious, though highly priced for a singular cake that lasted but a few moments. The Lobster Ravioli, which was highly recommended by our server, contained large chunks of lobster, a plus, yet the ravioli and sauce left much to be desired. Many locations on Atwells Ave. have far surpassed the quality.\n\nWe left for the evening with only the memory of our quality server, John, as a worthwhile memory with which to take with us.\n\nWe will give this establishment another look, but for now, we suggest holding true to those reliable choices such as Capriccio's, Camille's, The Blue Grotto, Hemenways, The Capital Grille, and more. These establishments will not disappoint. \n\nCraig"
	: "I love this place however the last time I was there the Magnolia tree was missing.  This place has a great history, great service, great drinks - love the Sour Bitch and even better food.  I hope they replace the tree it was kind of the center point of the place as it literally was in the dead center of the place."
	: "More bark than bite?\n\nBased on one recent visit, and $30+ for two sandwiches, I have to say I'm a bit stumped by how seemingly entrenched this eatery's popularity is.  They get points for eclectic charm, brazen help behind the counter (it's hard to squeeze in there to wait in line for a sandwich without being hustled to try some cheeses--note that this is NOT a bad thing) and genuinely high-quality spreads, jams, meats, and cheeses--but the meat and cheese selection is more spartan than many markets I frequent (maybe my expectations are too high?) and everything seems a bit on the pricey side (I would have preferred a $10 price for the food, if even that much).\n\nI got a soggy, lukewarm Reuben with plentiful moist yet somewhat tasteless beef--the dressing was good, I guess, but even the sauerkraut lacked punch.  The three things that make a good rueben are temperature, zing, and bread--they got 2 out of 3 wrong (the bread was alright but not great).  Getting in and out was a bit confusing (order here after waiting in a disorganized line that was a bit more like bidding on a head of steer at a rodeo auction, pay in the other room, go into the building next door to get a drink, find a table outside and we'll bring food to you--yikes!).\n\nNot a bad meal, mind you, and I'll go back (especially if I'm in need of a hunk of Cotswold to tide me over) but given the price, result, and byzantine method of queuing, ordering, purchasing, then connecting with the pricey mediocre food have me thinking I will be looking for other deli selections for more variety as a higher priority."
	: "On the menu: Clam chowder bread bowl w/ bacon.  \n\nNom nom nom.  Came to this cafe after the SLO graduation, and there was no line wait: around 1:30pm.  Win.  Service was quick.  Win. Chowder was delish (not too salty). Win.  The bread bowl topped it off... the bread extracted from the middle was toasted and buttered for my consumption... jackpot!  If I'm ever back in SLO, must hit up this cafe again."
	: "Seriously, guys? 1 star? 2 stars? Wow.\n\nJust because all the other pho restaurants have horrible ambiances doesn't mean you can't applaud this restaurant for their ambiance!\n\nSure it's 1 dollar or 1.5 dollars more expensive than other places, but the quality is unparalleled. There is no MSG because the broth is made with time, care, and the proper amount of natural seasoning (which is expensive, mind you, and is the reason why the other places have to use so much MSG.)\n\nMeticulous attention to detail regarding the food (pho noodles are precooked in extra strong broth and the tripe is marinated in extra strong broth for flavor, etc) and regarding the ambiance (the chicken coop wire on the cabinets behind the bar match the pattern on the fireplace cover).\n\nThe service is fantastic. Everyone here is really nice!\n\nBut to be honest, I come here for the food. It's my favorite pho and I've had a LOT of pho in my lifetime. No poorly cut meats, no MSG, organic ingredients, no post-pho dehydration, delicious noodles, delicious broth, etc... etc... I respect that!"
	: "I really enjoy this little spot.  It's super close to heaven (Berryline) and has a great view of the passersby for people watching.  The interior is a lesson in shabby chic and seems rather fitting.  I even like the surly crepe maker, he was nice to me so it was enjoyable watching him be short with others.  \n\nAfter much deliberation I ordered the Montmarte- Swiss cheese, grilled mushrooms, fresh thyme.  Holy crap the thing was good.  I was not too thrilled with the cost however.  I'm no crepe expert but for one crepe that while delicious is not terribly filling $8 seems a bit steep.  If it came with something else perhaps but on its own not so much.  Sadly, this was on the lower end of the prices.\n\nIts proximity to Berryline will keep me coming back however.  The Monmarte followed by a little fro-yo is an unbeatable com-bo."
	: "i think compared to queen of sheba for some reason queen of sheba stood out way more for me.  and compared to philly well philly is still the best!  down and dirty is how i like it... \n\n  I have no idea what it was, maybe the dishes or the intensity of the flavors and spices... this place was pretty mild... maybe cuz we didn't ask for spicy!  regardless interesting \"modern\" restaurant tucked away in a shady area of harlem... word to the wise... take the train and get off at 116 and walk down... don't do wat i did and get off at 110 and walk up... it was the scariest 3 blocks i've walked ever... and then u enter into this place and breath a sigh of relief... odd huh.. .\n\nanyway onto the food\n- kategna - spicy yum, loved the cheese that cancels out the spice, i think this was my fav of the nite\n- fillo pastry was also nice - lentils and filling nicely spiced and season... like the green spices to add as sauce\n- we ordered for the 4 of us (WAY TOO MUCH FYI ) 1 vegetarian platter (4 choices) and a zoma meat platter (also 4 choices)\n\neach of these dishes had a very distinctive taste that made it taste like u were eating diff things... other places tend to taste all the same with the same smooshy texture... this place was def diff\n- doro wat - yeah i remember queen of shebas was way bigger and more flavorful in sauce however this was pretty moist and tender... gotta love the hard boiled egg!  how the heck did 4 of us manage to not finish one chicken leg i have no idea\n- yebeg alitcha - i think i liked this more cuz of the many chunks of tender sweet lamb\n- some beef thing - also pretty good, more tomatey based\n- chickpea smashed - yum, good balance with the meats\n- collard greens - no sauce yet held its flavor, good to balance out with all the other sauce intensive choices\n- atakilt wett - very sweetened carrots and super soft, goes well with the green beans\n- some other orangey runny thing\n\nthe bread was nice and moist and tons of it brought out it was impossible for us to finish...\n\ni would suggest maybe next time ordering maybe 3 dishes less than wat we got haha\n\nthe honey wine was not a good complement to all the spicy foods, it made the wine taste bitter sweet... i liked my merlot tho... that cancelled out the spice and brought out the taste of the wine after awhile!\n\nservice\nfriendly but language barrier definitely apparent... they filled our water constantly which was greatly needed however otherwise don't expect to strike up a long convo with these peeps."
	: "This is a traditional Persian restaurant with delicious traditional food. It has all the basics and a great restaurant for the daring person whom wishes to expand their horizons. I am an Iranian and truly enjoyed the food which we had. \n\nApps: salad shirazi= diced salad (below average)\nBademjoon=eggplant(amazing)\nTadeek and ghormesabzi=crunchy rice and herb/bean stew(good)\n\nMain course: I had the Soltani (amazing). This is a steak skewer(barg) with a ground beef skewer(kubideh). The barg was smokey and tender while the kubideh was moist and juicy. \n\nThe wife had the joogeh kabob (chicken kabob) which also was excellent. \n\nThe nuance was great with sliding doors and Berkeley right outside. \n\nThe only gripe I have are the bugs right outside. Some of these get into the restaurant. Store owner needs to buy a Blower which attaches to the top of the door and blows air every time you open the door in order to prevent  the bugs from coming in.\n\nHighly recommended"
	: "Even if you don't like donuts, you have to try Stan's. These donuts rate as some of the best I have ever had anywhere in the world. \n\nThis little place is squeezed into a corner of Westwood, across the street from the old theaters. I don't know how they churn out so many donuts from that tiny little space, or even how they sell them all. But damn they are good. Old-fashioned are my favorites. And sometimes you can even get an old-fashioned with maple frosting. Sigh. A little bit of heaven.\n\nI actually met Stan once in the shop. He's for real!"
	: "Their sandwiches are pretty tasty and filling!! I am also a little biased because I GOT THIS THING FOR FREEEEEEEE YEAH!! BABY!! I LOVE FREE FOOD. \n\nWhat I got\nJersey Joe\nthe bread was was really soft and fluffy! YUM! I love super soft bread. and the fillings were pretty good too!! nice meaty ham and lots of delicious provolone. who doesn't like that? Oh and all the toppings of course. YUM"
	: "Sunny day and people-watching as I sat outside enjoying my mozzarella/tomato/basil sandwich. Mmmm, nice crusty bread and refills on the ice tea.  Life is good.  I'd go back to this place in a minute - especially on a sunny day!  Their pastries looked awesome but I didn't indulge.  Quite a wide selection."
	: "24/7. What more can a brother ask for? They have everything I need AND they're cheaper than Vons or CVS, for the most part. Always get their ads because they have great sales. Go here for Redbox too. They need an educated florist in their floral department. Vons has a better florist. But this place has free WiFi. That makes up for it. Not really. \n\nI only have one question. Just a simple one. WHO THE HELL DESIGNED THE PARKING LOT?"
	: "Zuzu! has a thrilling combination of fun atmosphere and delicious food. As a vegetarian, I'm always excited when I can't decide which meal I want because there are so many options available to me. My friend and I ended up splitting the dip platter, to try everything, and it was definitely the right choice. The whipped garlic, cheese and olive spreads were phenomenal. I couldn't quite believe the wondrous things happening inside my mouth. I highly recommend eating some of the pita with the cheese and olive together-YUM. I was also really impressed by how affordable the meal was, we will definitely be going back to try more of the menu and cocktails. \n\nPS. The waitstaff are all funky and really attractive. Bonus."
	: "My celebrated my father's birthday here after having contact with one of their wonderful event staff members, Rachel, and I am so glad that I chose this restaurant; from the first point of contact, to getting in my car at the end was extremely pleasant, warm and friendly. This was my first time visiting the restaurant, and the staff really went out of their way to make this a special evening for my father, we had a great table next to the fire, and since I had told them my dad's name, every menu had Happy Birthday to him at the top. It made him smile, it was fantastic! \n\nThe service was impeccable, our server, Michelle helped us make great wine selections based on our taste, and now we have some new favorites. She was also instrumental in making great suggestions from the incredible menu. I had the Napa Chopped Salad which tasted extremely fresh and included my favorite vegetable - beets, the salad had a sweetness to it from the harvest nuts, and was much more unique than other run of the mill house salads or Caesar at other restaurants. For an entree I had the Wild Diver Scallops, which were incredibly tender and soft with a flavor that sneaks up on you from the spring carrot puree. I also enjoyed the broccolini, I sampled some of the Amish Pork Chop and I don't think I have had a more tender piece of pork and I did live in Iowa at one point. \n\nMichelle was so great in helping my mother who recently became gluten free, navigate the menu to make selections based off of her diet restrictions, she even double checked with the chef to assure my mom! \n\nSo I have to say that this has been one of the most positive dining experiences I have had in Los Angeles or anywhere. There have been times in the past where I have called restaurants for special occasions, and they don't remember when you show up or don't take a special note of it. The great thing about Napa Valley Grill from my experience is that they take pride in the way they interact with their guests, remembering small details, taking special note of preferences and making it an experience. I highly recommend dining here for dinner, special occasions, and any other event you would like to have special attention. Everyone is treated like a celeb!"
	: "1. wear comfortable shoes because you have to walk up a steep hill no matter where you park (tragic) \n2. wear layers - it gets cold at night\n3. bring a blanket to sit on\n4. be mindful of the holes in the pavement on Gayley - wouldn't want a broken/twisted ankle\n5. if you park at the lower hearst lot ($20), make sure your car is facing toward the entrance/exit"
	: "I asked Moe to deliver some flowers to my boyfriend who has been in kind of slump lately.  He hooked me up for way more than he should have at my budget, and got them delivered in the piss-pouring rain.  They didn't cheer my boyfriend up-- but that's because he's a whiny bitch."
	: "When in Atlanta you definitely have to go here just to experience the place..\n\nbut the food is just mediocre. However i did really enjoy the peach pie.\n\nim not gonna get into the history as it has already been said, but in my opinion you should really go for the experience, just don't plan on getting a great meal."
	: "Every time I go, they actually surprise me with how good their food is.  This place makes all of those \"fast-casual\" soup/salad/sandwich chains look pathetic.  I think I tend to forget that this isn't really all that comparable to Panera except that I can order the same style of food here for the same price.\n\nOrder at the register, they'll give you a number and deliver it to you.  Sometimes the fans in this place are on full blast, so unless you want to have windblown victoria's secret swimsuit model hair while you eat, pick your table wisely!\n\nEverything I've had tastes truly fresh.  Some of the more creative things on the menu have great flavor profiles too!  Even though it is made for you after you order, they get things out to you fairly quickly.\n\nParking is free for an hour, so that's a plus."
	: "5$ entry fee.\nI first had dinner there (a quick bite) a bacon cheese burger, That was very good.\nClub is ok, the place is simple but nice. The drinks were very good.\nNice Music for dancing, and the environment was nice as well.\nI've you get there late, you'll probably have to wait in line."
	: "My boyfriend and I went with a couple of our friends on a Friday night.  We didn't have an issue waiting too long for a table, but the place is small and popular, so we could see how some people would take issue with a long wait.\n\nOverall, the food was good, the service was eh, and that probably contributed to the main issue: we did not get what we ordered.  I understand this place is popular for all-you-can-eat sushi, and when you order a lot at once it's tough to even tell sometimes what is what, but we definitely more than not didn't get what we ordered or maybe even anything we ordered (maybe we got another table's? it's not like they can misunderstand what we checked off on a sheet...). \n\nSo, I suppose if you're a patient person who wants to try new things, this is probably the place for you.  If not, try one of the many sushi joints in nearby Princeton.  =)"
	: "I loved the place!  My friend and I had bacon pad thai .... and it was AMAZING.  We also shared a curry dish and had a little sushi to boot.  I'd go back in a heart beat.  I wish there was a way to upload the photographs I took with my phone - the food was  not only delicious, it looked really good too."
	: "Shopped about $27 worth of things today. Considering this is Daiso, where a lot of things are generally $1.50 and up, that means I needed a large bag for my numerous items. This place has a bunch of neat, cheap things that are obviously not great in terms of quality but, if you're resourceful, can nab some necessities for much less than normal. For instance, I needed baskets and containers for my desk in order to organize my upcoming semester's papers, exams, and school supplies. I managed to nab some nifty things for very cheap. And I'm not planning on throwing my plastic bins around the room in order to \"test its quality\" so I figured it would be a fine investment. \n\nLook around the store; you'll see the Asian-ness screaming at your face. Good and cheap Asian-ness. I wouldn't suggest buying everything from here - like makeup, or maybe even the pencils? - because again, emphasis on \"not-too-great quality\", but be a smart shopper, as well as somewhat adventurous. I got a small piggybank today among my cheap treasures, which I'm rather happy about.  I'm going to be returning very often!"
	: "Essentials is located in the Doubletree Hotel complex in Claremont.  I am fussy about my spa experiences, and Essentials nearly always meets my standards.  It is clean, the staff is pleasant and attentive, and the quality of the service is high.  The salon area is bright and cheerful, with windows facing the hotel pool.  There is none of the chaos or between-stylists chatter that one often finds in salons.  Instead, Essentials does a great job of hiring technicians who are very client-focused.  The support staff is equally pleasant and professional, greeting visitors by name and offering beverages. There is very little staff turnover, which tells me that the management hires with care and supports the team.  The spa areas are clean, quiet and dimly lit, very relaxing for massages and other private services.  \n\nGet on the e-mail list for last-minute specials - you'll find some great bargains that way."
	: "I feel especially comfortable eating here, probably because of the strong Cali/LA vibe they've got going on: loads of natural light, salad, iced tea, and fancy pizza.\n\nIn my world, CPK invented the bbq chicken pizza, and for that I am grateful. The frozen ones they sell at the market hardly do justice to the real thing, though. They make a mean spinach dip here, too. Check it out.\n\nAV"
	: "My mom has taken my daughter to three plays here.  I finally agreed to go this past Sunday, for their rendition of Beauty and the Beast.  I was blown away!  The actors and actresses are very, very good, and they involve the children in the stories.\n\nThey will perform Sleeping Beauty in April--get your tickets early!!"
	: "I've missed WXPN since I moved away from Philadelphia 13 years ago and I'm happy to report that they're still playing great, eclectic music.\n\nKeep up the good work, 88.5; it's good to have you back as #1 on my car radio presets."
	: "Well, this a'int the Smithsonian. It dates back to the years following Custer's Last Stand, and was updated once in 1963. Frankly, I'm convinced that many items haven't been touched ever since. Thus, things can get surprisingly meta once you realize the museum is kind of a museum of an old museum. \n\nHaving said all that, I love this place and probably always will. When I was a kid, my parents took me here all the time, and it ignited a curiosity that's fueled my soul for decades. I often think of the eerie room with dioramas showing single-celled organisms progressively evolving into other animals, at which point I realize that it taught me everything about evolution I would need to know at age 5.   Likewise, the main room's dinosaur was the first mega-lizard that captivated me, and the half-buried dinosaur towards the back wall--serving as a large visual example of paleontologist's work--is exciting for engaged children. On floor 2 there is educational taxidermy of every variety, and an awesome model of lake germs. \n\nThe giddiness is cranked up further on the 3rd floor. Here lies the planetarium, a huge canoe that is somehow incredible in the context of a darkened room, and a 50 pound rock that once served as currency. Worry not, as the museum provides explanation for the close proximity of these seemingly unrelated gems. I'm just working from sense memory here. \n\nI suppose as a young child my political correctness wasn't fully developed, so I saw no problem with the incredible Native-American dioramas on the 3rd floor. And that's good, because those dioramas taught me so much about tepees, tribes, Native-American spirituality, and societies unlike my own. Even if there were some factual inaccuracies, I learned about the existence of these things. They were previously foreign to me as a young child. \n\nBut sadly, after mulling over the issue for a decade, the director decided to have them all removed. Some who found the dioramas suddenly horrific made suggestions of how to alter them, as there were worries about stereotypes and the unspoken implications that Native-Americans are extinct. And I think that makes sense, to a degree. They should be altered to make those points clear. \n\nBut rather than investing time or resource in putting up placards or fixing the damn things, the lethargic director simply had them removed. What an unfortunate decision. When I saw those dioramas, it encouraged me to do some reading or--brace yourself--ask my parents or teacher about the details! Now some children won't even know that said details exist to be questioned.\n\n Part of what museums should do is spark interest, at which point facts can be sought and the diorama's shortcomings explained. I was five when I first saw them, and I don't think it took long to realize there's a difference between \"Native-American\" and \"dinosaur.\" Give people some credit, NHM. \n\nOtherwise, I love this place and it's actually far better than newer alternatives in the area. I'll be taking my kids here. Hell, maybe even I can go this weekend."
	: "I was sad to find out the sweet Chef that worked here for so long is no longer there, I loved his ever changing specials and input on the menu :("
	: "This place is AWESOME! Maybe I'm a sucker for diners. The guacamole griller burger was super tasty, as were the nachos. I love the whole vibe here. I also love that they have so many vegan options and try to use local organic when they can. So great. A+."
	: "Elysee is a cutesie, girlie coffee/dessert shop that is overpriced with not-so-yummy coffee/desserts.  The place was definitely purty, and the service was decent.  However, the total package was not worth it.  I enjoyed myself there, but it was not because of the venue.  \n\nI was there with a friend on a weeknight.  We got 2 small coffees, one tiramisu, and one strawberry cheesecake.  The total tab was $14.09.  Wow.  The place was filled with UCLA students studying.\n\nCome to Elysee for the nice decor and convenient location.  Don't come here expecting good prices or tasty treats."
	: "well, i've been eating papa johns pizza for 20 years now.  its your typical pizza delivery spot, nothing exceptional.  but for mainstream pizza delivery, i like this place the best, and this location has never given me a bad pizza, which is rare for delivery places.  i'm hungry."
	: "Absolutely outstanding in every regard! I was fortunate enough to have eaten here two times during my recent visit to Philadelphia. The originality and quality of the food was unsurpassed for me. This modern Mexican restaurant is a must when in Philadelphia. \nI highly recommend!!"
	: "Haircut was decent, but pricey for what is was at a student rate of $20.  Had to endure 30 minutes of Fox News and Kami talking about why Obama sucks.  I came for a haircut, not unsolicited regurgitated political talking points.  There's a salon or barbershop every 30 feet in this neighborhood, so I probably won't be back.  Got the back of my shirt soaked washing my hair after the cut.  Seems like a good guy who's very much into the community, but 30 mins of politics that I didn't want to hear or talk about and a few uncomfortable comments about Muslims (him not knowing I am one, obviously) sunk it for me."
	: "I went to Beautique after reading wonderful reviews about the waxing there so made an appt for eyebrows and while I was there I thought I'd get my hair done as well, my first one since moving to Houston.\nI had eyebrows with Jennifer and she took literally less than a minute. My brows weren't a huge mess to begin with but she did a fine, quick job. I needed blonde highlights and a cut (my hair was long and I wanted to cut it all off) and had an appt with Lindsey. Color is OK, she just used one shade of blonde. As for the cut when I got home I realized it was not very well done and am thinking of going to any cheap place asap like supercuts or something just to get the cut fixed. I wanted a subtle asymmetric bob, no layers - just straight across (not too drastic like poshe spice) and the more I look at it, the more I see how uneven the ends are; there are some inner pieces which are longer than the outer ones. The cut itself was 70 and the color was 100, Im not sure it was worth it. I will say that they are good about scheduling and trying to fit you in so you don't miss you next appointments. Might go back for waxing, not for hair."
	: "Our experience with Bash Pepper has been unfortunate. We live in, and are restoring an architect\ndesigned home in Urbana, Illinois. We have flat roofs. In 2009, Bash Pepper applied a Lucas # 3000\nthermoplastic aluminum coating to our upper roof, and lower carport roof.\n\n\nUnfortunately for us, and the integrity of our home, the upper roof is cracked throughout its surface, and oozes water from under the membrane coating. The lower roof is pocked with bubbles of various sizes. Some of the bubbles have broken open.\n\nTheir salesman was extremely positive and enthusiastic about the Lucas product after looking at our roof and told us that the Lucas system was the ideal coating and completely compatible with our preexisting surfaces.  Prior to applying the coating, Bash Pepper \"prepared \" our roof areas, using a Lucas product. At no time did he, or any employee of the company express any concern about either of our roof areas, or have any misgivings about the longevity of the Lucas surface. The original proposal stated a 10 year warranty.\n\nWhen we discovered the deteriorated condition of our roofs, after a recent leak, we immediately called the company. The original salesman promptly arrived to check our roofs, and appeared genuinely shocked by the condition of the carport, and upper roofs, promising to take action to remedy their defective job.\n\n\nHowever, after repeated calls to Bash Pepper over a period of two weeks, the elderly owner of the company came to our home, examined the surfaces, and blamed the entire problem on our old roof. Although my husband extended every courtesy to him, he was immediately defensive, and offered my husband no apology or explanation for the condition of the roof areas, nor any recourse. \n\nBecause of Bash Pepper's defective job we are in urgent need of a new roof and we are out $3700."
	: "Hipster boys decided to open a butcher shop in Harlem. Their product itself is of really good quality and the reasonably priced. The guys are friendly and very helpful."
	: "F20 Midtown is the \"spire\" of the franchise.  This location understands needs of the midtown lunch rush - spirited service with flavorful dishes.  Need a mid-day stress reliever?  Indulge with a bowl of wild mushroom soup (and raise that stress back up after reading the nutrition data).  Enjoy the last few moments with a glazed croissant before hustling back to work.  4 stars for service.\nRemember, \"fresh\" does not mean low-fat!"
	: "Attended a private birthday party here and Bazzaar was VERY accomodating!  The space was cozy yet had room for the party to move around so you weren't stuck in a little booth the entire time.  I was DD'ing that night so I didn't really get to try any of their drinks but my husband had the \"best amaretto sour he's ever had\" and that's quite a compliment!  This may be a con for some people but I did enjoy the fact that you could still smoke in there...so that was nice not having to run outside everytime you wanted to light up.  OH and this place is definitely going on the \"Guacamole A-Go-Go\" list because they had some KILLER guacamole!!!  Chunky, full of flavor from the cilantro and lime juice, and a good size portion to share!  We will definitely be back again soon for a date night!"
	: "Overall thought this place was really tasty.  I like Vietnamese food but have never had it in La Jolla... usually I have Vietnamese in Mira Mesa or on El Cajon blvd.  I was pleasantly surprised by this place! \n\nThe portions were perfect.. not too large and not too small... just right.  The restaurant was also very clean which is always a plus."
	: "Have eaten here many times over the years...on three occasions I got a stomach ache afterwards, so thought maybe it was me.  last time recently tried again and same thing happened except worse.  Too bad as i liked this place even though I knew that the quality couldn't be high based on portions and prices."
	: "Is this place open 24/7? I hope so!\n\nAfter eating at Chano's, we walked over to Spudnuts and got some doughnut holes. They were scrumptious. My friend got some cookies & cream ice-cream and that was pretty good too.\n\nSpudnuts actually kind of reminds me of Donut Wheel back home, minus all the obnoxious high school kids taking up all the tables. That's a good thing!"
	: "Cedars and Taste of India are definitely the better Indian restaurants in the U-district. We are vegetarians and this review is for their vegetarian entrees and appetizers only. Cedars has parking and nice window-side tables that overlook the street. \n\nThe tables are very small - especially since their naan is HUGE. Very flavorful and fluffy naan and chutneys (sauces that go along with it). The staff is super friendly and accommodating. I once ordered around 2 entrees when my family was visiting and requested them to give me something in place of the rice (we are not big fans of rice) And they were nice enough to give us a plain naan in its place. The dishes are yummy and desserts are tasty, the Dal soup is one of the best I have had. \n\nBut again, the food gets boring after a time - India has a lot of different cuisines and Seattle has restaurants that mostly serve North Indian or Punjabi dishes only. Perhaps if there were more variety, I would enjoy eating here more. But the truth is, naan-rice and gravy combo from here or Taste of India or Jewel of India or Garam Masala etc., taste the same to me. Very generic curry. I can't wait to go to the bay area each time to experience REAL variety in Indian food.\n\nLike Taste of India, Cedars has unlimited Chai too. But beware! It is very sweet. the portions are generous too. It sometimes gets so cold here. I noticed that they now have portable heaters in the rooms. Definitely a welcome change!"
	: "Stumbled upon this place when my normal eatery in College Park was not open.  Parking can be a bit squirrely to find but it is worth the hunt when you enter the place.  Great atmosphere of an old refurbished building that looks like it has seen a lot of years worth of hungry people.  It was packed and very noisy when I hit it at about noon.  Would not be a great place for an intimate business or romantic lunch.  Other than that bring it on.  \n\nI ate at the bar and the bartender was really cool.  Recomended the fish taco and I had it with fries....GREAT!  lots of people to watch and a very neat feel.  Great place."
	: "It's decent but overpriced.  The menu's uninspired, typical sandwiches, salads and wraps (not remotely a diner).  Wait service was slow every time I was there.  Burgers weren't flavorful and not enough bleu cheese on mine.  Pierogies seemed to be the supermarket variety.  Brie and raspberry sauce was too simple, fresh raspberries would have been better.  Noble attempt but really just an average sandwich place."
	: "This place definitely gets the lots-of-good-beers-on-tap thing down, which I greatly appreciate.  And I found the bartender to be very nice.  But beyond that, it's not my scene here.  This place is just too sleek and modern for me, too cold.  The look-and-feel of the decor and the sort of atmosphere it creates doesn't make me feel comfortable or at home.  I also really dislike the building this place is in, and the effect it has on the vibe of the neighborhood.  There's an outdoor seating area, with these giant fire pits...but it does not feel cozy to me.  The fire pits strike me as contrived, artificial, and you can't set your beer down on these tables lest the fire heats it up an uncomfortable amount.  The whole terrace outdoors has an unnatural feel...the surfaces are very plain, sleek, and the only nature in sight are a few newly planted (and mostly non-native) trees.\n\nPhilly is filled with old, homey bars in old buildings with character, and many have outdoor seating areas with big old trees.  This is a new bar and it screams one and only one thing: MONEY-MAKER.\n\nI also think the beers tend to be on the pricey side.  Many of them I've obtained cheaper elsewhere.  I wonder how much of the cost of each beer goes to pay the probably-exorbitant rent in this place.  That's not where I want my money going...encouraging developers to build more eyesores like this building.\n\nI think there are many better places to enjoy good beer."
	: "I went to the Clay Pit with my sister for her birthday.  I flew in hours before our dinner, so no reservation was made.  Fortunately that evening, we arrived early and there was space in the basement hallway.  The basement area has the ambiance of a wine cellar.  While the sound was bouncing off the walls, it was much quieter than the main dining room (very loud).  \n\nFor our appetizers, we order the veggie Samosas and the Coriander Calamari.  The samosa is a golden-fried, conehead pastry puff filled w/ vegetable and is good with dipping sauce. The calamari is lightly breaded and fried, cooked perfectly and served with a tasty sauce.\n\nOur soup dishes are the Taj Mahal Soup and the Mulligatawny Soup.  The Taj Mahal is a puree of lentils and vegetables, while the Mulligatawny is also a puree of chicken, apples and veggies.  The Mulligatawny is very good but the Taj Mahal is highly recommended.  We have our soup with onion & cilantro naan.\n\nWith our soup and appetizers, we probably should have stopped with all our plates being fairly large in portion.  But we have a few bites of our entrees with the expectation to save the rest for takeaway.  The entrees each turned out to be only ok.  The Chicken Tikka Masala had good chicken cubes but I've had better flavor elsewhere. And our Clay Pit Vegetable Stir Fry and Channa Masala seemed to taste similar and thus a disappointment.\n\nAs far as the heat of this place, the waitress will ask the table if you want mild, medium, hot and desi (super hot).  Medium tends to be the average, so we go with that.  Everything up to the appetizer was medium, but the entrees were more on the hot side.  I recommend to err on the side of caution when ordering spicy - especially when you are with others!\n\nWhile there were some highlights in the menu, there were some dishes that would have been okay to skip.  I would have given this place 2 stars because of the entrees and the noise level, but there were some good points.  So 3 stars it is."
	: "If you're in the mood for over salted seafood this is a great place to go. I'm not sure I've ever had fries that salty (even from McDonalds) let alone the fish itself. \n\nThis is decent food for the Ave. Which really is not saying much. It's filling, covered in batter, and comes with two weird but tasty little corn ball thingys. I thought the chowder was actually ok.\n\nThis place is over priced even for the amount of food they give you and if you take it to go you'll be killing the environment with a pound of styrofoam and a hundred napkins.\n\nIf you're on the ave and seriously craving fish and chips...um...get over it and waste your 10$ somewhere else!"
	: "C'mon. Nothing to complain about here. A substantial lunch, sauce bar, adequate seating, and located next to the Starbucks so you can grab and quick after lunch coffee for the road. The setting leaves something to be desired, but hey, for these prices, one cannot complain a bit."
	: "Before you even enter the building you can tell from looking into the windows that it's not an authentic Vietnamese restaurant. No hoisin sauce or siracha on the tables.\n\nOnce you order it gets worse. The spring rolls (cha gio) are tasty, but don't resemble Vietnamese spring rolls at all. The skin is too thick and the variety of ingredients in the roll doesn't much resemble a traditional Vietnamese spring roll. The dipping sauce (nuoc cham) is too sweet and doesn't taste right either.\n\nThe pho is even more disappointing. The broth is devoid of flavor. It's easy to tell that the soup was not cooked with beef bones for hours, and none of the proper spices such as star anise were used. It's served with lettuce instead of the plate of bean sprouts, basil, cilantro and mint leaves that usually accompany the dish. As mentioned earlier, the traditional condiments were not available on the table so I had to ask for them. No soup spoon was provided, and let me tell you, eating soup with a shallow tablespoon doesn't work too well. \n\nIt's unfortunate that this is the only \"Vietnamese\" restaurant in the city. I hope nobody mistakens this for authentic Vietnamese because this is NOT a faithful representation of the culinary culture at all."
	: "Varsity isn't about hot dogs and burgers. It's a local institution, gathering place, the crowds of faithful patrons and the call of \"What'll ya have?\" when you approach the counter. \n\nAs for the food they serve, quit frankly I've had a lot better....in honesty the food isn't very good at all, but have never been in a place with a more faithful following. Because of the experience of that, it belongs on the Le Must of places to visit when in Atlanta. After all, how many other places have at the time of this writing garnered 422 Yelp reviews! That, in and of itself, is an astounding phenomena; something which speaks volumes about the popularity of a mere hot dog and burger joint which is pretty much acknowledged as only serving 3 Star OK food."
	: "Asa mixed our drinks to perfection.  Extensive but pricey drink menu."
	: "This place is reallly good and for any college students reading this its VERY CHEAP! 3.25 for 2 tacos! the only reason why i am giving it 4 stars is because they need to turn down the garlic just a tad...like even 30min after I ate it I still had an after taste of garlic. i had the chicken and carne tacos both were delish!"
	: "Let's give them the benefit of the doubt, and hope they pay back all their back taxes. \n\nI think their best flavor is BURNT CARAMEL.\n\nI have friends who go orgasmic for their hot fudge and fresh whipped cream, so get a sundae!  \n\nAlso you can find pre-packaged pints at La Verde's for $5 if you already know what you want.  Yup, they're cheaper and open later, if you need Tosci's but they're closed."
	: "I never thought I was going to take the time to write a yelp review, but I've been shaken out of my virtual reviewing silence: this is quite possibly the rudest service I have ever experienced in my life. \nBack story: I like my boba in unsweetened tea, which isn't too difficult an accommodation given that it is the base of many sweetened boba drinks anyway. I have gone in here several times before requesting the same item, spending time gently conveying what I want, trying to be considerate of the ESL factor. \n     Dear Korean Manager: I am respectful of the fact that you have a difficult time understanding what I am asking for, even when you keep telling me \"you need to decide what is right for you, I can't decide what is right for you\" in response to different versions of my request. I wait as you quickly and politely serve an Asian customer who came in after me. I want to use your wifi, so am patient when you tell me that it is \"too early\" for the espresso machine to work and ignore me when I ask if I could have a coffee. I sigh in relief when we settle on hot peppermint tea, only to find out that all sizes of tea are below your credit card minimum of $2 (why would any coffee/tea shop have a card minimum?). When I explain I have no cash, you tell me a few more times that  \"you need to decide what is right for you, I can't decide what is right for you\". I tell you I am not trying to be rude, to which you detonate a variety pack of: \"you take too long\" \"I don't have time for you\" \"I am so busy\" \"I am right, you are wrong\". I silently left you to sweep your floor, unbothered by an empty shop.\nI do not believe the customer is always right, but you have proven that you are inconsiderate and discriminatory, both of which are unacceptable in any setting, especially the service industry. Go in peace and stack your dusty coffee cups like the insensitive, reverse-racist that you are. I hope no patrons ever disturb you again.\n\nDear Boba Lovers:Don't support these values, even if \"there are only a couple options\" in the USC area. Your dollars are your voice. Take them to cup o' joy. Take them to mello jello. Don't use them to condone a business who values extortionist profit (see other reviews) over the descent treatment of customers. \n\nI am going to tape this review up on the dingy little shop so that all the people who blithely enter without having consulted yelp will patronize one of the two other boba places in the neighborhood."
	: "Best thin crust pizza ever!  Their meatball parm sandwiches are delicious too!  Totally hits the spot."
	: "Purchased tickets to Culinary Fight Night, and was to redeem them tomorrow, August 19, 2012. Can't get anyone to answer or respond. From what I have found online I think its closed?"
	: "When it comes down to it, this place just isn't for me.  Now, granted, I have become accustomed to the spoils of great hookah establishments such as Lava in Broad Ripple, but for the price and net satisfaction: I was less than pleased.\nPerhaps it was me being overly sensitive, but I got a very thick waft of arrogance from the greeting staff, inspecting us and our credentials upon entering the bar.  I get it - we're in a college town, but that'should not be your excuse for rude service. It perpetuated after we requested to be seated by the open window - being given the run around why we could not.  Okay, so maybe I'm sensitive, whatever.  \nWe order our drinks and hookah, I take the Noir wine and the Existential Octopus; it comes served at a balmy 80 degrees, on a warm summer night.  I'm not sure if some take their wine warm, but I do not.  I requested a Mango smoothie instead, to cool me off and sweeten up the smoke a bit - which even the smoothie was a little watered down.  The hookah on the other hand, was very smooth and satisfying.  We also ended up ordering the chicken shwarma, which was pretty tasty with warm pita.  \nThe bar itself is comfortable, however the music that was playing was kind of strange to me in this setting: mid to late 90s girl bands and pop.  Not sure how I felt about that one.\nAt the end of the night -  for the cost over satisfaction, I went away feeling somewhat let down.  This place could be great, I feel it was just slightly under good the night I visited."
	: "Good wine, good service, and we enjoyed the salumi which are basically cured meats. Definitely needs more food options. Good for a glass of wine and a light snack."
	: "Celebrated Mother's Day with the family here. Heard numerous accolades for its seafood in San Diego Magazine, not to mention my mom had a craving for oysters. I made a reservation on Opentable on Mother's Day and it wasn't as busy as I thought it to be.\n\nAtmosphere was classy and ritzy, which was to be expected of any of the restaurants around that area. Piano plays typical lounge music, which added to the classy ambiance. Service was excellent and told us right away the market prices of the crab and lobster. I liked that they actually have display platters of their stone crab claws, their dungness crab and their king crab legs. Right away I knew what I was going to pick for my order: the dungness crab (felt too guilty to order any lobster tails, otherwise I would have preferred lobster over crab any day!) \n\nMy wine was a Pinot Noir - Aquinas, Napa 2009. Fruity nose and taste of cherries, light body - perfect for sipping throughout the whole night while eating crab. My dad had a Stone IPA. The waiter was very knowledgeable about how the SD microbrewery scene really loves their IPA's, which I confirmed. \n\nAppetizers consisted of fresh oysters from British Columbia and salt and pepper calamari. Both appetizers were decent. The calamari was not too greasy, and I liked both dipping sauces. \n\nThe best part about the meal was the dishes my mom and I got. (My dad and brother got fish, but I was way too busy savoring my food to try any of theirs)\n\nSouth African Lobster Tail: My mom's order, twin lobster tails. I've done my research and knew this was the premier lobster tail, and a tasting confirmed it. It was small, but the texture was oh-so-soft, slightly sweet and fresh. Definitely one of the best lobster tails I've had\n\nLive Steamed Pacific Northwest Dungeness Crab: The best crab I've ever tasted. The crab was very meaty in both body and leg. Loved that they sliced some of the legs so that you can easily peel off the inner legs, but you had to crack the two big crab legs. I thought crab legs were good, but I actually loved the body - one of the softest crab meats I've ever tasted. Enjoyed every bite, even if the meat was hard to get to. Had to eat it in one sitting as I didn't think this would be good the next day. The only con was that I made a mess in my jacket, but I've heard the best crab is the messiest. \n\nI saw the waiters serving desserts, and when we asked for their dessert menu, we got to see all of their offerings. My dad and brother picked the carrot cake. All of us agreed it was super delicious. It was not too rich, and I liked that they used walnuts. One of the best carrot cakes I've had, and usually I'm not a fan of carrot cake.\n\nThe only con is that they only do validation on the valet parking and not in the hotel self-parking. I remember the restaurants used to do this, specifically the Melting Pot. \n\nDefinitely recommend this for the special occasions. Seafood is way too good to pass up. Now I just have to try Fleming's and Cafe Japengo."
	: "This may be the last survivor of old downtown Ann Arbor. Somehow it still stands among the upscale bars, coffee shops, restaurants, condos, and galleries. \n\nVogel's (at least last time I walked by) was still doing normal small-town work -- the display window was full of locks and keys. Does it miss the toy stores, mom-and-pop department stores, family shoe stores, work-clothes stores, kid's clothing stores, dress shops, diners, and other businesses that the 21st century has made so obsolete?\n\nI don't mourn the fate of complacent shop owners who let themselves be left behind when rents rose and the world changed. You can't fight the whole economy and globalism. But I do admire this survivor."
	: "I went into Harlem Flo today and it smelled so good! They have gorgeous orchids and lush house plants. They sell scented candles in floral scents and beautiful arrays of fresh cut flowers are in the back. They also landscape terraces and patios and provide arrangements for special events and weddings.\n\nI was informed by the friendly shopkeeper that they change their decor every two weeks so I'll be back the beginning of April to see what spring things Harlem Flo has to offer!"
	: "Nook makes me want to sing:\n\nI did it all for the nookie\nC'mon\nThe nookie \nC'mon\nSo you can take that cookie\nAnd stick it up your, yeah!!\nStick it up your, yeah!!\nStick it up your, yeah!!\n\nWhy would you eat anywhere else?"
	: "The pizza crust is crispy like a pita chip! This place reminds me heavily of the Cheeseboard in Berkeley- relaxed and homey decor, fresh toppings, perfect crust. I like."
	: "I'd rather have Panda Express. Its overpriced for chinese food and not worth it. For some reason, I always come back hoping for a better experience only to despise Chinese food the following day. If you have a craving...ignore it or head to Chinatown where there are better options!"
	: "If you want good boba, look for the sign proclaiming Double Rainbow Ice Cream.  In the berkeley tradition of not taking down old shops signs, this marks Moccacino Cafe.\n\nWhat isn't fantastic about this place?  They have the best boba I've found in berkeley, the barrista's are super friendly and fun to chat with during the off hours.  Only got a couple minutes between classes?  They're right across the street on the south end!\n\nOh and then there's the bento boxes.  $6 for an amazing filling lunch of veggies, meat, rice, and a tea egg.  What you say, only $1 for a bubble milk tea?  When you toss in the covered outdoor area, there is nothing this place does not do right.\n\nI do wish they'd bring back the vietnamese sandwiches though.  I remember those from about 4 years ago when I first arrived in Berkeley.  They were the only place that made one that I liked in the area."
	: "Simply the best pizza in CU. I grew up in the Chicago area and consider myself a pizza snob. This is definitely on par with Giordano's or Gino East, two very well know Chicagoland Pizzerias. I highly recommend all of their pizza, especially their deep dish."
	: "The Counter is another in a line of burger-gastro pub style restaurants. They focus on what people love - hamburgers. \n\nThe food is excellent, staff friendly and the place is very clean.\n\nMake sure you tell them how you want your burger cooked - medium is the default."
	: "Burgers were sub par, over-cooked and small for price. Veggie burger is not a patty but rather a bunch of weird vegetables and rice. Onion strings had nice seasoning but were too mushy. Beer selection is good and there's some expensive but delicious-sounding desert shakes. I will not go back for food, but possibly drinks."
	: "A year later, I enthusiastically update and echo Julie P's five stars and comments. My dealings were from two thousand miles away, to order Valentine's Day flowers for our daughter at UMich. I settled on Chelsea via yelp.\n\n As Julie P wrote, the customer service was fantastic: in-the-know; price sensitive/conscious; happy to offer suggestions; totally re-assuring on delivery...her knowledge was key since I know very little about flowers.\n\n I tossed out a price range; the representative was free to select; a gorgeous order was timely delivered to our daughter (she texted us pictures to prove!) and as long as she's in Ann Arbor, we're using Chelsea!"
	: "Disclosure: I have not tasted the cupcakes. I can only comment on the adorable layout and presentation (high marks!) and beg them to please start baking a few gluten-free goods!"
	: "This place has really good food and is reasonably priced.  I was surprised so may BBQ places overcharge and don't taste good, ribs too dry and no flavor.  I had the cowboy reuben and was a little hesitante to order beef brisket b/c a lot of places don't cook it right and it is dry.  Boy was it not dry and was so delicious.  We had the chocolate chip cookie ice cream bar for dessert and it would have been even better if the cookie was softer, or even served warm.  Really good and will make the trip next time we want a good BBQ lunch/dinner.  If you are contemplating give it a try I bet you won't be disappointed. YUM!"
	: "Samir has NEVER failed me.  I started coming to this restaurant way before it became Samirs.  I started coming when it was a sub shop, then Samir converted it to his Mediterranean Grill in Spring of '06.  I would say that his $3.50 sandwiches are the BEST BANG FOR THE BUCK.  Not only are these things tasty, spicy, and fullfilling, but for $3.50 these things are damn near a steal.  I honestly wouldn't be surprised if Samir decides up the price for them soon.  As far as the plates go, they are fullfilling yet light!  I never thought I could eat a full meal, yet feel soo good about what I was eating.  A nice salad, the right amount of rice and meat, side of pita bread, and you got yourself a meal.  \n\nI absolutely love Samirs service.  Always tells the server, to bring me a 7up(remember I'm a regular, or according to Samir, \"Boss\".)  He is quick on the getting the food prepared, cooked, and ready to eat.  If he isn't there, his sons and wife know how to pick up the slack and make sandwiches and plates just the way Samir does.:)"
	: "i don't review hotels but this one was my second home for about 4 years. i wonder if kenny the bartender is still there....\n\ni used to arrive late after the kitchen closed but kenny would go and rustle me up a soup or a burger....\n\nthey let me keep my work boots at the hotel so i didn't have to lug them across the country every time...\n\nfor breakfast the morning maitre'd handed me my paper and let me sit at the bar alone and the waiter would bring me my fruit smoothie and tea while i read the paper.  no words, just the signature on the room number.\n\nwhen the lakers were playing, they kicked out the celtics fans so i can watch in peace.\n\nreally, need i say more?"
	: "too weird."
	: "I really love this place! I travel quite allot for work and eat at a variety of places. However, I always have to hit up Daphne's in La Jolla Village when I get back. I love the Starter Hummus appetizer. Fire Feta is my favorite, however most people I've had try it, find it too spicy for them. Their lunch Pita Burger (I like mine with feta cheese on top) special with fries (you can also get rice and a salad instead) and a drink is an awesome deal and very tasty. I've been going there so often, that the people know me now and once in a while I can even get a free beverage or appetizer there. It's excellent quality for a chain eatery. I highly recommend it."
	: "So far Cedars, tucked between Brooklyn and University Way, on 43rd is king of falafel on The Ave. \n\nHow do I know this? Well... Because just yesterday I wanted falafel for dinner and I was in university district. Where did I go after thinking over my choices?(disclaimer- I have tried every place on The Ave once in the last few months)= Cedar's walk up takeout window! \n\nThe kind owner? has prepared my falafel in front of me each time. He warms the thin round- fills the bottom with fresh cut lettuce- sprinkles chopped fresh tomato on top- add 3-4 LARGE fresh falafel balls- pours on the dressing out of a old school juice container- and rolls the creation into a burrito like entree. My sandwich was $4 with tax. \n\nI like Cedars because they have flavorful large slightly crusty outside and very moist inside falafel balls. I like Cedars because they add lots of lettuce and tomato. I like Cedars because no matter how much sauce he add to the top(to my horror) I never really taste that much and it all ends up at the bottom. \n\nFYI's~ \n* There is also an inside the tiny shop with a couple tables\n* They offer the traditional eggplant \"sandwiches\" \n* They offer sandwiches of fool madaras- which I learned was fava beans or another been cocked in a madaras sauce- yum! \n* A \"sandwich\" is a burrito style wrap of sorts \n* The bread they use(wrap, pita, etc) is on the thinner side- not like overwhelming pita \n* They menu also offers lentil soup and platters of things usual in their sandwiches with pita for dipping"
	: "We got there on 04-27-12, the husband and I. This place is in the middle of downtown SLO and there is like a coffee shop next to it. The hotel shares the parking with this restaurant and is kind of hectic. When we got there the TV cable wasnt working and they were working on it. The room has a french theme and it was a good size. The TV is only 19 inches and we finally later in the evening we got cable service  and were disappointed with the poor selection of channels.  It is a pretty hotel and the girls at the front were polite and cheery. We got the bottom floor and the people upstairs were making noise  till 11-12. Pretty, but noisy. We didnt have a fridge in the room neither."
	: "Note to self: buy cardstock and make own colored copies. I waited almost ten minutes to get ten copies. Granted the machine wasn't behaving, but I wasn't only person getting frustrated at the lack of service. At most places, there are more than one heavy duty copiers, but not this place. I was almost tempted to have them give me a stack of cardstock so I could use the self-service colored copiers; however, that is what I get for thinking. I don't think I will be coming back here because I have had better experiences else where."
	: "Finally...actual Mexican food.  \n\nI love that they separate the  menu into 'traditional' and 'tex-mex'  so people know that there is a difference. \n\nI've had several different items from the menu, but the huarache is by far my favorite.  As far as meat, I've only ever had the chicken tinga, but it's clearly good enough that I don't get anything else."
	: "It's with great excitement that I appoint FIVE stars to Pampas and celebrate my 100th review!\n\nEating here is truly an experience.  As it was my first time at Pampas, we chose the Rodizio menu which allowed us full access to their side bar as well as an unlimited selection of meats. This is a fantastic place for a couple or for a group. Definitely expect to be there for a few hours.\n\nWhat makes this experience fun is the variety of salads, vegetables and other dishes at the side bar as well as the magic red/green \"button\".  We joked that it was the easy button... as soon as you flip the button over from red to green, carvers in green chef jackets come to your table nearly immediately procuring different meats on large skewers.  Until you flip that \"button\" back, they will continue to come.  For larger pieces of meat you'll put to use the small personal tongs to grab the top portion while the carver completes his cut.\n\n\nOur server came over and took our drink order. I thought I'd try out the Alma which resulted in an alcoholic smoothie. No, not thick - just reminiscent in taste. After this, I changed it up to a gin dirty martini.\n\nNext their \"bread\" arrived at the table consisting of crispy polenta, a cheesy roll/biscuit, and a fried panko crusted banana. \n\nAfter filling my plate at the side bar with baby spinach salad, red and yellow beets, julienned carrots and a banana vinaigrette, tabbouleh,  grilled peaches, sautteed button mushrooms, hearts of palm, Spanish olives, collard greens, balled watermelon with a hint of fresh mint, and mashed potatoes that I could've sworn were perfectly whipped with coconut milk; I returned to our table, flipped the \"button\" over and tried the Lombo (spicy pork tenderloin). As it was slow roasted, the juices and flavor was amazing. Next up was the Fraldinha (skirt steak with an onion herb marinade)... again aromatic and perfectly cooked.  That was quickly followed by the Sirloin filet with garlic and herbs, Tri-tip, and Presunto (black forest ham with grilled pineapple).  When the  Frango Picante (chicken legs marinated with garlic and spices) and Frango (chicken legs) came by.. I had to decline.  \n\nAre you kidding me, I would've LOVED to try it however did you read everything I ate? \n\nSo I found a skosh more room.  I had a double espresso and their chocolate torte with caramel ice cream (HEAVENLY) and a brazil nut toffee with bacon and smoked sea salt. See, I wouldn't have consumed any more... but bacon was mentioned. I'm a sucker for bacon.\n\nTurns out I chose well... the toffee was amazing, the caramel ice cream was stupendous.  The torte itself, meh - nothing to write home about, but the aforementioned made up for that. \n\nOur server, whose name escapes me at the moment! was fantastic; funny, confident and good looking. :)\n\n\nNeedless to say, I left absolutely satisfied."
	: "After a horrible cash sucking experience from a certain La Jolla dentist who shall remain nameless (but whose last name may rhyme with old Ed Meese), i have been thrilled with every visit to Dr. Kim. He and his staff are friendly, compassionate, honest, and thorough.\n\nDr. Kim is not a 'preferred' member of my insurance, so i end up paying a little more, but he is definitely worth it. I have referred both my wife and a co-worker to Dr. Kim, and they both love him as well. 6 Stars!"
	: "I love going into this place. It's cute, it's kitschy, and it's almost always empty or near-empty. The owner is friendly -- a big sports fan, a big classic rock fan, and totally knowledgeable about his products. I asked him what he used in his vegetarian chili dog (which, by the way, is filling, flavorful and adored by all the vegetarians I've known who've experienced it). If you hate Smart Dogs brand, you might not like it, but the delicious veggie chili (not too chunky, not so watery it soaks through the bun), mustard and onions mask most of the non-meatiness of the dog. The fries are thick, never mealy. Meat-eaters who aren't hot dog fans still like the kosher beef dogs, and the mountain of choices for toppings doesn't hurt! The staff is quick and everything's made to order, and I'm sure they'd be happy to turn down the sports on the TV if asked."
	: "I don't indulge in many desserts because my metabolism isn't what it used to be.  Tiff's Treats is my choice for the dessert I want when I splurge.  Nutty Sugar Cone ice cream from HEB is the other.  I have yet to try them together but it seems like an awfully obvious idea to try.  Can't believe I didn't think of this before.  Thank you yelp."
	: "Clean store, well-stocked. Only store for miles that carries my dog's Canidae food, but at the same price I've paid before moving to the area. Their hours are very convenient (open until 9pm on a Friday). Called there to get a recommendation for a dog walker and they went the extra mile to connect me to a local walker who has been amazing. Would recommend Mighty Healthy to anyone who is not only looking for supplies for their pup, but for people who want to connect to a community of people who love their pets.\n(and it's in the same shopping center as Mama's and REI to boot!)"
	: "ALRIGHT, this is one of those NYC gems. This was \"soul food\" at its finest. I went here on a sunday afternoon, and dined on an overwhelming plate full of fried chicken, mashed potatoes, string beans, and corned bread. Aren't you full just even reading it? The food was excellent and I cannot wait to go back again. The service was friendly and the place was so cute."
	: "This is the better Coffee Bean near campus with lots of seating. The staff was nice when I came in recently. My old roommate would always bring leftover baked goods from here, though, and I don't really like those so much, nor the coffee. But I used to love the ice blended."
	: "Yeah, I love me some sausage. But come on: can't you have more than one or two items on the menu for under 10 dollars? Like, give me a small sausage with no sides or something... I need a little variety. Suffice it to say, the food is extraordinarily good. Good fries, good burgers, good saurkraut... And they have a nice German beer selection. Also, Sunday has happy hour all day (you need that drink after church) so that made me at least forget about having to pay 11 dollars for their sausage."
	: "Love their kibee and the grape leaves. The tabouli (sp?) is great too! This is one of my \"must visit\" places when I am home from college. :) It is pretty close to my old highschool too, so I used to walk here all the time after school for some quick nosh. Service can be slow sometimes so I recommend take-out!"
	: "Just got four pairs of work pants hemmed. The tailor got all pairs ready to go in just four days and at a great price! My ex-tailor in Austin took at least a week and charged several bucks more per pair."
	: "Fresh burgers! And they're made to order! place is very clean! menu is simple. the 4 of us only get 1 large order of fries. I love the HotDog with cheese and bacon! yum!"
	: "It's been a few years since I've been to the White Dog, so I don't know if there's been any major changes since I was there.   Went there with a large group of friends unannounced on a Friday night.  Although they were busy, they swiftly turned the restaurant upside down to accomodate us.  Our menu varied and we all enjoyed what we got.  I had a great salad.  We all had drinks and they were reasonably priced.  The ambiance of the place is very cool, I totally dug the interior.   The White Dog has a very cool vibe.\n\nGood luck finding a place to park.  You're best off parking in the garage a few blocks away and hoofing it."
	: "Solid! The boys who created this Pizzeria model have scored hands down. Amazing thin crusts created right before your eyes, with limitless combinations of GREAT flavor all for a: $25 pie that ends up costing $12: applause!\nNOTE: If franchising is available, count me in!"
	: "This place defines hole in the wall in a really great way. I love seedy spots with unidentifiable carpet, broken chairs, cigarette burns and lone star but this bar is small, clean, and really well done with its use of space. \n\nThey've got a nice list of cocktails, a super sweet bartender and a neighborhood vibe. Love that you can order in food in and that the AC is cranked down to about 70. The walls are have sweet posters and funky little decorations (whales and such) as a nice background to their decent selection on tap. Dig the Tommy pinball machine and the dark, cool feel of the place. \n\nThough I probably wont get to it a lot as I'm usually up north or downtown, it's definitely a spot I've recommended since my visit. I imagine I'll continue to do so... especially as an alternative to dog and duck."
	: "So, I thought the food here was kind of boring.  But it's a good place to drink. The bartenders are pretty cool."
	: "So I went back to give this place another chance and I am very happy with the results. Mariam blew my hair out and did exactly what I asked.  So thank you! I will be back!"
	: "I have never actually been to this clinic.  Not from lack of effort.  My neurologist referred me here.  I have really bad occipital headaches and need to get an occipital nerve block done.  Well, the doctor ordered for me to get an evaluation done first and then the procedure.  That's all fine and dandy except it's near impossible to make any appointment because these people don't pick up their phones and don't return calls!  Also, I was misinformed and told that I could get the procedure done in the ER if I wanted it done ASAP.  So I went to the ER thinking I would get some relief.  Nope.  They couldn't do it for me there.  The ER doctor was on hold with these people for 20 MINUTES.  AN ER DOCTOR.  She told them I was in the ER and they still said they could not do anything for me that day, but that they would expedite everything for me and I should be getting a call.  I still have not received a call (and yes I called them and they of course, did not answer).  I am done with these people.  I hope I don't need a referral because I am just going to go somewhere else to get this done.  I am in pain and need relief."
	: "YUM. I love this place. I don't care if it's the dead of winter and my fingers are frozen, I'm getting me some frozen yogurt (with fresh strawberries and  chocolate chips). Love love love."
	: "Two words: Beer towers. Okay, so the food isn't exquisite. They can make a tasty Cuban sandwich, to the surprise of this Florida girl. I really like their beer, they're located conveniently close to the movie theater, and I really like their beer. Some quality stuff always available, plus interesting seasonal choices, and you can cart home a 1/2 gallon growler of your favorite."
	: "I love hawaiian bbq and saw L&L when I was researching for quick places to eat.\nI have eaten here a few times since its close to some of the hotels.\n\nAs people mentioned it easy in and out take out.  The quality of the food is so-so because the few times I ordered chicken or beef ribs, it had fat pieces in there.\nReason why I ranked it high was the marinated chicken and mac salad.  Very hard to duplicate.\n\nIf you have ever tried hawaiian bbq at other placese its very similar and hard to find similar food that tastes \"hawaiian\"  It does help satisfy your craving for hawaiian food."
	: "Scouring Shattuck, one weeknight, \nIt seemed as there were none in sight.\nThough it was shit, and now I'm far,\nSometimes I think of UCR.\nWhere bubble tea, I oft enjoyed,\n'Cause I was rich, and unemployed.\nBubble tea across from bubble tea,\nAll open late, just right for me.\nNow Berkeley, though I love you so,\nThere's no late night place I can go,\nTo satisfy this need? I can't!\nUntil I wandered up Durant.\nThere surely was a magic town,\nFor there, my boba, I had found. \nSmall shopping alley, tucked away,\nI came upon this sweetheart cafe.\nInside was simple, small, and cheery,\nAlthough the staff seemed kind of weary.\nI understand, 'cause it was late, \nWith tea in hand, I could not hate.\nThe price? Not bad, the tea, real good,\nI made it last, long as I could. \nAs each pearl burst, inside my mouth,\nI thought about my days down south.\nI thought, \"Why do I miss them so?\"\nBut this shit's better, so let's go."
	: "I received a 2 night stay as a birthday gift.  The grounds at estancia are lush.  The pool and jacuzzi are great.  Warm, and large enoughin size that even at peak hours, it's not super crowded.  Our room was well appointed.  Having read tons of other reviewed, I brought my own snacks to avoid room service.  There is a tiny fridge I each room,and I loaded my snack is in there. \n\nThe room was clean, had a small balcony that overlooked the pool area.  Estancia is very quiet, slow paced and relaxing.\n\n\nIf you are a cheap bastard, don't bother coming here. There's a $17.00 resort fee, and valet is $25.00/day.\n\n\nAnd, FYI, the valet service is swamped on weekend evenings because there is always an event going on.  Be calm, grasshopper. Be patient.  You are onvacationfor gods' sake."
	: "Here's the heartbreaking thing about Baraonda:  you cannot enjoy their truly delicious Italian cuisine for the techno-beat pumping through the restaurant. \n\nAs other reviewers have noted, this dimly-lit, perfect date/anniversary/business lunch or dinner locale is completely ruined by the head-thumping music. The couples sitting to either side of me tonight had to yell to talk. My friend and I heard their entire conversations (made easier, of course, because we could not have a conversation at all due to the music and subsequent yelling.)\n\nThis restaurant is obviously prouder of its sound system than its food. Truly, it's sad."
	: "Sometimes, when a restaurant is located a little too conveniently close to your home or work or school, it can get booooring.  NOT SO AT ARTURO'S!  It's like my favorite old friend that who I am always happy to see and can never grow tired of.  \n\nThey've got breakfast, lunch, coffee, and a friendly, quirky, hard-working staff. who cater to all of the workers and students that are moving through the area during the work-week.  \n\nThe restaurant itself feels like a speakeasy in the Prohibition era because it's small and underground.  The art on the walls and the food on my plate always put me in a good mood.  \n\nI'm particularly fond of the black bean tacos.  This usually lowly-food has been elevated to exciting new levels with the help of prodigious amounts of garlic - no kissing allowed after one of these.  I also heart the quesadillas, which combine a plethora of vegetables, sauces, and meats in yummy combinations.  I can rarely deviate from my standards on the menu, but when I have managed to do so, I have always enjoyed their salads and sandwiches.  \n\nThis is a good place to get you out of a lunch rut and into a good mood."
	: "Food is tasty and service is super fast. Definitely hits the spot when I have a mediterranean food craving (which is often)..."
	: "Someone needs to bring a voice of reason to this 5 star mania!\nThe coffee here is pretty good, but it's not enough to stick five gold stars all over. \n\nAlso, the baristas have attitude, yet I can not pinpoint which one is the worst offender  because the majority of them have longish, blackish, jaggedish hair with black thick rimmed glasses. Sneaky."
	: "I actually just got back from there. I was starving, so I walked from UCLA down to subway, figuring on some decent, but cheap food. Mistake number one. \n\nThey overtoasted my sub. To the point where it is like eating a crouton. To add injury to insult, the man working put the wrong sauce on my sub. I asked for sweet onion only. And he put something else on, then picked up another bottle. When I said something he promptly replied \"no I didn't.\" The line was out the door, and I was starving. So I went with it. Whatever, right? \n\nWrong. I just bit into my sub and found a rather long hair in it. The man MAKING my sub, didn't have long hair. So I'm assuming this was already in the ingredients. \n\nVenture forth with caution."
	: "My sister and I passed by the store by chance on our way from Sprinkles cupcakes. Pronouncing the name of this store was easier than I imagined as long as I said \"Hlaska Alaska\" in my mind. They had the wallets on display and even during a rainstorm, we could see the quality  of the leather and were impressed with the stitching once we inspected more closely. \n\nThe women's bags and accessories were on sale but sadly for good reason. The design was not chic or anything similar to what I'd be expecting from a store which such awesome leather and fabric bags. Their laptop cases and messenger bags are top notch and I've never seen such quality like this before-not from Eddie Bauer, Chrome, or Timbuktu. \n\nI have a feeling the designers of Hlaska once worked in SIlicon Valley or something 'cause the bags were definitely made for Macs. It fit like a glove once my Large Caliper messenger bag got home with me too. Like peas and carrots, my MacBook Pro has a home in my new Hlaska."
	: "This place rocks!  I went in here seeking flowers for a special occasion.  The guy was very patient and made several recommendations.  He will also accommodate your budget requests.  \n\nIf you want a florist with service, selection and a great price, this is your place!"
	: "I love going here! They have great sushi and a nice variety. Prices are reasonable, especially for a college student date night. The only thing I don't care for about Yamato is how they squeeze everyone in-it isn't unusual to eat your entire dinner almost immediately next to another table. You are so close you might as well share your conversation. The atmosphere is a little on the upscale side, but don't feel like you need to wear your absolute best. Service is alright; I am picky when it comes to customer service and they don't meet my high expectations, but they aren't horrible either."
	: "I guess it's not bad for what they do - which isn't much. \n\nThe basic interior/exterior wash is 15.99 here. I thought they would do a better job if I got the more expensive one for 26.99 so I got that but no it was all the same quick, crappy work that they were doing to everyone's car. They're all about getting your car cleaned quickly here, which is fine if you want an overall clean look, but if you look closely at any part of your car you'll realize it's really still got a layer of grime left. Now I know the 'quality' level of their work so I'll come here with lower expectations next time. I.e. if I just want a general quick wash and vacuum and then I'll just detail the interior/exterior myself. Ultimately I'll do a better job than anything they could probably do even if I did pay for them to detail it."
	: "This place is right by my church and I've always walked by it, but never stopped to eat here. Ate here for lunch today and I enjoyed it! They have outdoor seating so it's real nice when the weather's nice.\n\nThe staff is super friendly. The owner (I think that's who he was) walks around and makes sure everything is all good and the other staff members are nice as well. \n\nThe food is pretty good! I got the potato gnocchi, YUM. I also enjoy when entrees come with a soup or salad, which this place did. \n\nOnly thing is.. we didn't have utensils for the longest time and our server didn't notice even when she brought us our salads. Brought our salads and then left. We had to flag somebody else down to get them.\n\nI would come here again (:"
	: "Everyone says eat at Hoagie Haven right next door, but the locals know George's does hot sandwiches much better. They use better quality ingredients and only cost a tinnnny bit more. Whenever I am home in Princeton I make sure to get a Buffalo Chicken Cheesesteak. It may be one of the greatest things I've ever had. Back in senior year of high school I used to eat here almost every day for lunch.\n\n The only negative is that they close a lot earlier than Hoagie Haven."
	: "I feel like I am on a movie set when I am in this place. The decor transports you to the Mediterranean. The drinks are amazing - the bartenders here are the REAL thing. The only place in the Boston area that I know of that concoct, as we call in the industry, 'cheftails' or artisan cocktails. 'They make your drink with passion and attention. They know what they are doing - hard to describe so just watch and you'll know what I mean. The diverse menu is very good but portions are minimal."
	: "I LOVE Goode's bbq.  Anyone in Houston would know it.  All of it's great, true Texas style...especially the brisket, and it's consistently been that way for at least the last 20 years."
	: "What can I say? Somebody recommended it to me. I've eaten there hundreds of times. I've recommended it to people who say they eat there all the time. It is by USC and I live in Hollywood. Sometimes it is worth the twenty minute drive. Man it makes me hungry just thinking about it. Who posted that picture of the molita anyway? You trying to torture me?\n\nI used to like this place better. I think now I just enjoy stuff that's a bit less greasy."
	: "I waited for 45 minutes for my food. The frist time they messed up my order so I waited for an extra 10 minutes. It was not until I was home that I found out that they gave me the same WRONG order. The food from this place is bad and I would preter McDonald's any day, which is much cheaper and tastier. Not going to this place again."
	: "This place is 100 times better than Blockbuster, and here's why.\n1) It doesn't have that weird Blockbuster smell. You know what I'm talking about. I Luv smells like a library...kind of. Mmmm my favorite smell.\n2) They have a way better selection of movies than Blockbuster. Where else would you go to rent such classics as Eraserhead, Un Chien Andalou, and Monsturd? Yeah, that's right, MONSTURD. Check that shit out. \n3) They have 2 for 1 Tuesdays and Wed. What does Blockbuster have? NOT THAT.\n4) They have free beer on Tuesdays (?) haha no way Blockbuster can beat that.\n5) Their prices are a lot better than Blockbuster. \n6) They have adult videos (aka porn) and stoner movies. Haha I definitely don't think Blockbuster has that.\n\nAnyway, I could go on, or you could just get your ass over there right now and rent Monsturd. Really...it is HILARIOUS."
	: "I would give this 0 stars if I could.  What a horrible, crappy 'college' bar.  However, even underage in college I prefered to go to better places then this.  Its just gross, sleazy, barfy and horrible.  They serve food but you couldn't pay me to eat here.  EWWWW."
	: "Fantastic.  My wife and I have been wanting to go here for a while, and last night we finally got around to going.  We had a great table in the corner, affording us a view of the open kitchen as well as all the other tables.  The wait staff was extremely friendly, knowledgeable, and attentive.  And of course, the food was out of this world.  We had the 6-course tasting dinner, consisting of 2 seafoods, 1 soup, 1 vegetable, 1 meat, and dessert.  The absolute standout of the evening was the spring onion soup with a grilled cheese sandwich made with cheese from Borough Market in London (which we had just visited in January).  The soup was creamy and tasted just like spring should taste, and the sandwich was quite possibly the most perfect grilled cheese sandwich in existence.  Also fantastic was the yellowtail tuna over avocado and the lamb trifecta - loin, tongue, and sweetbreads.  I would heartily recommend CoM to anybody who loves food."
	: "While wandering around the Columbia campus before my class with a rumbling stomach I randomly came into SubsConscious. Not a bad place by any means but not great either.  It seems quite clean, the sandwiches are acceptable and some of them are even reasonably priced (others not so much). \nThe quality of the sandwich I ate was not bad but you can definitely find better elsewhere (for cheaper).\n\nAcceptable for someone who would find themselves in the situation I was in however I'd suggest exploring other options, which is what I will do next week.\n\nI just started taking a class over here so I'm sure I'll be back at some point."
	: "I don't really think of Hai Ky as Vietnamese, to me it's just sort of generic asian food. In that respect it's good.\n\nFor me it's a lunch place (I work at UT) and I find the service to be quick for getting in and out--although it can get crowded.\n\nAs for the food, what I've had there has been good. Usually stir-fry. I tend to order the tofu with garlic sauce, which is good. They do a good job cooking their tofu. It has a nice, firm texture with a good snap when you bite into it. The veggies are also fresh and plentiful and while the sauce could be spicier, it's a good healthy lunch for under $10."
	: "It's just good ol' fashion diner food. If I could my lazy ass to wake up in the morning I'd come here for breakfast. Actually they serve breakfast all day but I'm not that kind of person. It's kind of like Denny's in terms of large portions but it definitely differentiates because it has it's own atmosphere."
	: "Hamlet has an AMAZING happy hour!!!  Their Mojitos and Margaritas are awesome & half price!!  The appetizers are also pretty tasty & they are half off as well!!  We got the sampler & calamari..yummy!  Sometimes the servers are a bit slow, but that's cool.  I expect them to be busy, and since i'm paying half price, i'm definitely not gonna be the douche that wants 10 star service!!  i Love it, plus it's close to my house!!"
	: "Best. Fries. Ever.\n\nWe ordered an assortment of items and our favorites were most definitely the duck fat fries and crostini with pickled cherries, honey and ricotta. People rant and rave about the poutine, but I personally found the plain ole' fries to be better than those smothered in gravy. To each their own, I suppose.\n\nThe GGGinger is among the best drinks I've ever had and I applaud the fact that they have Pimm's on their drink menu.\n\nThe bill wasn't as hefty as expected and our stomachs were bursting at the seams when we left, which was a pleasant surprise."
	: "I actually cannot understand what people liked about this place. It was the worst food I have ever had at a Japanese restaurant and my friend and I both got ill from the food (we had totally different dishes). Details:\n- even on a Saturday night the food seemed old and like it had been sitting around\n- I ordered a noodle dish and tempura, both of which were clearly pre-frozen. The tempura was the worst I have ever had and tasted more like onion rings than lightly battered Japanese fare.\n- My friend's dist, a beef and rice bowl, had only a few measly pieces of meat and was grossly greasy.\n\nHonestly, we didn't dare eat the sushi here as the case looked dingy and the fish looked old. I am not an expert in Japanese food or sushi, but I know fresh food when I see it.\n\nDid I mention they were BLASTING obnoxious music the whole time? Like absolutely full volume. \n\nDo not eat here."
	: "I have a feeling that i'm going to make a habit out of the weekend morning Premiership soccer breakfast.  Cheap English/Irish-type breakfast food and immaculate pints of Guinness poured at what many would consider an hour for only true degenerates to drink.  Big screens showing one or more games, jerseys of all colors singing and shouting and heckling and trashing the other side.  All in good fun, of course.  Having been to a real soccer match in England, it's not quite the same (it's less profane, from what I could tell, but not by any means PG-rated), but it's an awfully convenient dose of it which I'll certainly be back for more of."
	: "By far some of the best boba milk tea I've ever had. The pearls were very fresh, not liquidy or hard like some places can be. But as other reviewers have said the seating is pretty limited, but the drink quality is top notch."
	: "Aaaaaah, a 5 star review of this place, is highly unlikely, unless you long for the flavor of your kindegarten bake sale. These cupcakes are amateur baking at it;s worst. And, counter folks please, don't rub your nose before handling the cakes!"
	: "After a lot of reconnaissance work, I think this is the best Thai food in Harvard Square.  The fried rice dishes are especially great.\n\nThis is where I go with visitors when I want good, cheap food.  The atmosphere is quiet enough to carry on a conversation without a lot of distractions."
	: "Yes! I love this tiny place in the u-dist. Delicious, affordable, and the service is always nice. Only lacking the 5th star because the place is so small and has a sketchy atmosphere. Don't let it scare you away though, the food and servers are great!"
	: "Meh.  The staff were all EXCEPTIONALLY nice.  Five stars for the service here.  Possibly the best service of any restaurant I've been to in the area.\n\nAs for the food, well, they mean well.  The menu is very limited.  Five items for the entree.  The catfish tasted dry and bland and boring.  We tried the roast chicken which was quite good.  Boiled peanuts taste like chickpeas.  Deviled eggs are good.  Nice balance with the crispy bacon.\n\nDessert was pretty weak.  Iced tea in mason jars tasted like you'd expect.\n\nAll in all, this is a good restaurant.  But it isn't the second coming.  And it's kind of pathetic that a place like this is held in such high regard - it is a testament to the lousy restaurant scene in Boston.\n\nI liked the place. Don't get me wrong.  And it's certainly worth trying.  But it's just a good quality restaurant with an extensive drinks menu."
	: "Good sandwiches on good bread. I had the rosemary garlic chicken with added avocado -- it was huge! Definitely split with two people. Comes with a side of pasta, potato, or regular salad.\n\nIt also helps that they had free donut samples. The sign said \"Free samples, take one\" but I felt like taking three and you know how the customer is always right."
	: "Yummy sandwiches made with great ingredients. More of a deli than a cheese shop, it should be renamed the Cheese Shack (after all it is in a strip mall!). TRY THE DUTCH CRUNCH!"
	: "My friends that frequent this resto claims it as their favorite.  The interior was pretty meh, but was a poor comparison to how delicious their food is.  They have an extensive cocktail menu and a well rounded food menu.  \n\nI had one of the specials, a meat plate with warm olives and cheese stuffed fried zucchini flowers.. i died."
	: "Nice decor and really earnest staff. I got cornbread to start with, and it was very good. For the main course my friend and I both ordered the chicken breast and waffle combo, we both got chicken thighs on the side since we were hungry. I got the truffle honey syrup, as recommended by my server, and it was a great compliment to the meal.\n\nThe chicken is really the highlight here. The crust is hard, but whatever batter they use is fantastic and the flavors are amazing. I preferred the thigh meat to the breast, as the skin/crust to meat ratio was better I felt. The waffle was lightly spiced and paired well with the meat and syrup. I didn't have room for dessert, but maybe next time. I would give it 4 to 5 stars for food and service, but it's quite pricey for the amount of food they give you. I'm used to getting soul food served in large portions, but these were a little on the small side. My friend and each ended up paying about $20 for the meal. We ordered sides, but that's what it took to get us full. It's worth checking out, and I'll definitely be back to get my fix of some classy twists on southern classics."
	: "This is def. as good as it gets. I work right down the street so it's perfect! I'm addicted! Thanks to my co-worker/boss Christie, she invited me to come to one class with her and I'm totally hooked. \n\nThe staff is super friendly and the owner is really really nice and knowledgable. Any answers you have she can and will answer with the ut-most inteligence.\n\nThank you Bar Method, Palo Alto. You have made a difference in my life!"
	: "I'm done with this place. They are the rudest people I've ever met, the fact that they are allowed to run a food establishment is more than criminal. And what the f**k is with the sushi chef who watches YouTube videos on his laptop at the same table, every day? He must be bored. Maybe he's bored because service is slow. Maybe service is slow BECAUSE YOU'RE A BUNCH OF F***ING A**HOLES!!\n\nYou reap what you sow.\n\nAnd how people still manage to give this place more than 1 star is BEYOND ME."
	: "I'm not sure having issues with Harvard square is in any way related to gentrification, though I certainly belong to that generation for whom it is \"cool\" to hate on gentrification.  Of course, we also are a huge part of that trend.\n\nHowever old I am, I do still enjoy spending time in Harvard Square.  It's not the same place I remember when I was a little kid, when my parents took my brother and me here to watch a multitude of street performers in the summer and wander around the bookstore when we wanted to go inside.  There are still a few street performers, but far fewer than I remember 15 years ago.  \n\nWow, that made me feel old.\n\nSure, Harvard Square has its share of commercial chain stores like the Gap, Starbucks, and Qdoba, but plenty of other chains are local (i.e. Le's, The Tannery, and Second Time Around), and there seems to also be an influx of new locally owned stores and restaurants.  I'm particularly a fan of Crema Cafe.\n\nGiven that I'm a grad student at Harvard, it seems unlikely I'd stop spending time here regardless, but for coffee shops, some good food, and a few interesting stores to wander in and out of, I'm pretty satisfied anyway."
	: "I visited this salon based on Yelp reviews. In Pasadena for work and my nails were all chipped, was in dire need of a manicure. \n\nI had Michelle and she was wonderful, both in doing my manicure as well as personality. Her staff was so sweet and amicable, and even helped choose a color for my nails! Merino Cool by Essie. They have a lot of OPI and Essie colors to choose from, which made me happy!\n\nMichelle was so detailed in painting my nails and didn't miss a thing! I am very happy with her and if I come back to Pasadena, I'll be sure to come back!"
	: "Pretty decent sandwiches but stay away from their Turkey meat.  Both times I tried their turkey sandwich, I felt that the meat was probably previously frozen.  The meat had a very odd texture to it and sort of just fell apart instead of having any sort of tear or resistance.  Anyway, I like how they load up the sandwiches with alfalfa sprouts and big slices of tomato!  The bread here isn't that good either.  Now that I think of it, I prefer subway over sandwich island but its good to change it up a bit.  This place is a good alternative to a gross greasy lunch at UV."
	: "This place is a perfect place to stop by on the way to class and pick up fruit or coffee or a delicious chocolate croissant. \n\nThey have self serve water on the side and the staff is really chill. \n\nAlso a great place to hang out and study."
	: "great burgers and shakes. the burgers are different and aren't your average run of the mill. not pricey at all. much better alternative to wendy's or McDonald's. i hate eating tasteless food thats why im glad i found the palace because it definitely has lots of flavor. and the menu has something for everyone."
	: "The sushi here is not that good, as far as california-style rolls go.  They always seem to be lacking in flavor and the ingredients taste cheap.  The rolls are still pretty expensive too.\n\nI give this place 3 stars because the non-sushi items are a good deal.  Quality-wise they're exactly \"A-OK\" and dirt cheap.  Check out the student specials - not bad for 4-5 bucks!  Good place to grab a cheap meal with pretty good waiter service.  The restaurant decor is pretty cute too."
	: "Four stars for the main screen, but the upstairs screens leave much to be desired.  Plays a nice variety of independent /art house cinema."
	: "This place was recommended by the Cambridge fire department as a must go to place. They were absolutely right. This place had the best homemade creamy ice cream that I ever had.  I had the Belgian chocolate and the butter chip. Shear decadence. They are very generous in their serving size too. Their small is equal to a medium or large at most places. Go you wont be disappointed."
	: "The most unique high quality shirts out there. A home grown local business. Which makes Young Punks even more fabulous. Phil is passionate about his t-shirts and is always creating new styles. Young Punks makes people smile."
	: "Absolutely love it here!! Service is amazing and have been to several salons from here to the Westside, but Anthony is the BEST... He takes his time and actually gives his clients a fabulous shampoo, but ask for it in advance, he also is meticulous with his styling and his blow drys are out of this world, everything from Big Texas to the sleek straight look. See him for sure"
	: "This review was removed for some reason. This is a true story and hopefully will help other Yelp users make a decision regarding salon choice in the Cambridge area."
	: "They serve coffee from beans they roast.\nThey also sell tonics for what ails you made of tea mixes\nThey also have the obligatory cakes, cookies, and excellent (but expensive) granola.\n\nI made it through a blistering summer research internship in a building without air conditioning by drinking a concoction made of 4 shots of espresso in a mug of coffee....it's called something like the boilermaker...You will awaken and stay that way for 8 hours after drinking it no matter what.\n\nThey have more than the usual amount of indoor and outdoor seating and some clean restrooms.  \"For Amherst\" they've got parking... they have metered parking out front and nearby!"
	: "I arrived at 12:30 so there was quite a line already but it went fairly quickly - the staff seems very efficient.\n\nI ordered the Farmhouse salad and requested cheddar cheese instead of blue cheese and they happily obliged. It was a generous size and the ingredients were fresh. the Potbelly vinaigrette was light and delicious. I also like that they post calorie content on each of their menu items and low calorie options are easy to identify. The drink selection is a bit pricey ($2 for a bottle of iced tea or lemonade). \n\nThere's a nice terrace to enjoy your lunch outdoors and the location directly across from the University of PA hospital is hard to beat (especially if you're wary of food trucks - which I am)."
	: "First off, the sign at the register says, \"$5 minimum on credit cards requested whenever possible.\" if you don't enjoy adorable self-irony, we're probably not friends. And you should not continue reading this.\n\nI love this place. Just \"visiting\" New York, aka I'll be living here. Asap. This place definitely helps to entice me.\n\nKillers on the music, definitely staff-pick. Wood, French Bistro-bar interior, with three open double doors to the street to solidify that atmosphere.  Transient-like populace, drinking coffees to themselves, reading papers, looking for friendly conversation from someone daring enough.\n\nFrom the looks of the bar, and coming from a well-educated self-proclaimed alcoholic, good selection. 4 tap basics: Guinness. Stella. Sam. Blue Moon.\n\nAnd this chai latte is simply divine. I will be back.  Many times."
	: "I haven't eaten a main course here but have had appetizers and drinks. Their miso is good and the duck dumplings are awesome. The calamari and springs rolls are good as well. If you like people watching, this is a good place during happy hour."
	: "I haven't been to ZuZu in about 5 years and my memory was that the food was good. Went for dinner before a show last night and had the worst meal I've ever had. I had the pork loin, two dry, tough, tasteless hockey pucks over green beans and amazingly flavorless bacon, served with mashed potatoes that should have been left in the paste can. The presentation looked like an angry three-year-old had hurled the stuff on the plate. I'm sure I'll be back for drinks and music, but never again to eat. Wow."
	: "If I had $ to burn, I might head here more... but, alas, I don't.  On second thought, even IF I had $ to burn I think I'm still more comfortable in places like \"Old Town\".  Just more my style...\n\nMelange is swanky.  Even I can appreciate the decor; the actual bar is striking, all lit up with high-back chairs lined along it.  The bar was busy on the Saturday night we stopped in. The crowd was probably late twenties/early thirties and up, people definitely mingled - they weren't necessarily just there to be with who they came with, if that makes sense.  \n\nThere were several bartenders on duty, which was nice. One who wasn't so friendly at all... not quite sure what her issue was.  Jake was great though - one person in our group spilled a drink (a $10 martini... that sucks...) and he made a fresh one at no charge.  Trust me, that doesn't happen everywhere.  +1 for customer service.  \n\nUnfortunately that +1 is negated by a -1 for \"crappy policies\".  We arrived after 10pm.  The bar side was booming, standing room only.  The dining side, however, was essentially vacant, but the host said nobody could sit over there until 11pm unless they were ordering dinner.  She then said the kitchen was closed.  Huh?!  How can you order dinner if the kitchen is closed?!  It was almost like they wanted to make it appear busy in there by keeping us squashed together.   While expensive, the martinis were good, but didn't necessarily match the descriptions on the menu (i.e., the espresso martini didn't come with the chocolate rim or the espresso bean garnish...)\n\nBOTTOM LINE:  A swanky place to mingle and deplete your bank account, if that's what you're interested in.  Coming here can feel like a fancier night out than some of the other Main St. hotspots."
	: "The \"Big night out\" is exactly that, look to throw down over a hundred bucks for two after drinks and gratuity. These guys put the \"Fun\" in Fondu, Matt our server had his hands full with our rag -tag group of \"Fondu virgins\" but had us dipping and laughing in no time. This is a great place for groups and we all had a great time with our skewers. My 3 year old son grabbed a hot skewer a couple times so I'd say it's kid friendly if the kid is over 4 or 5. We also noticed a group come in just for dessert, I think we'll do this next time. Even though it's flanked by Flemings and a upscale seafood restaurant, the vibe is still pretty casual and the servers are nice and personable. Definitely a fun night out, just be prepared to dig deep and eat peanut butter and jelly sammies for the next week :)"
	: "not more to say than, it's the Days Inn, what did you expect? it's not madonna inn.\n\nthere isn't a rock wall waterfall shower, but there's a shower&tub and sink.\nthere isn't a red velvet king bed, but we had two queen sized beds with blankets and pillows.\nthere isn't an automatic toilet that cleans your butt, but there's a traditional toilet with toilet paper.\n\nneedless to say, this hotel provides you with everything you need. blankets, towels, hair dryer, internet/tv, fridge, coffee maker, iron, etc.\n\nthe blankets look old and frumpy, the bathtub was clogged, but i had a comfortable stay.\n\nlike previous reviewers, walls are thin!!!"
	: "Love This Place! I can't be sure what is better at this place the food or the friendly staff! Admittedly I was slightly intimidated at first because of the neighborhood it was located in, but the staff and manager/boss made me feel right and home instantly. I got the Figueroa Philly with American Cheese and shared it with a friend. It came out to 9.40 with onion rings and a drink, but the sandwich was so big! I walked out stuffed with having spent less than $5 a person! I am definitely planning on going back and bringing a few friends in tow!"
	: "Love this place! Who would've thought I'd be reviewing a library?\n\nThe building is so cool and modern inside. So many places to lounge, a cafe, an outdoor area to chill, and the best thing of all for me is that there is a huge play area in the children's section! With toys, puzzles, and books galore. I haven't had to buy too many books for my little one (she's 1 now!). Instead, I check out 6 to 8 books per every 4 weeks for her to enjoy and they are all usually in good shape. Plus they have a free baby time class there where we can bring our babies. The instructors are so talented. They sing and read books to our babies. They also bring toys for them to play with. My little girl loves it! And loves to be with the other babies as well. Awesome!"
	: "Solid, fresh, made-to-order (probably the best) burgers on the Ave... Tasty and it doesn't feel like a gut bomb afterward. They've got a good choice of fixings/toppings and their fries/curly fries come in a heaping pile.  The price can get a bit steep if you bling up your burger but whatever, it's tasty."
	: "I really loved this restaurant. The chefs are awesome and the food was really good. Plus you can't beat good sushi at half price every night for happy hour. You really can't. I had Tamago, Urchin, Octopus, the Sandra Roll, the #5 Roll, and the Tuna Jalapeno sashimi.\nIn the words of Kuitan, OOOO-ishi!"
	: "I only get one thing here; the gyro plate. Before they used to charge extra for credit/debit, I came here more often. The gyro plate has very generous lamb slices, served with pita and hummus, your choice of rice/fries, and salad. What is it with campus area merchants adding this credit/debit surcharge these days?!"
	: "This review isn't even for my actual appointment. It's for my experience booking my appointment.\n\nEven while on the phone, Dale noticed that I asked a question, and he still answered VERY thoroughly. Like a 5-minutes-of-shouting-accross-the-room-to-make-sure-I-hear type of thing. He was honest about his thoughts about the treatments I was inquiring about and both he and the receptionist were the most patient people I have probably ever spoken on the phone with. They answered all of my questions and even managed to give a very rough price quote. ( I always ask for one.)\n\n...which is why I booked an appointment to spend ~$300-$400 on my hair. :)"
	: "I miss The Ram quite a bit, it is one of the best places to watch College Football in Seattle.  Folks from all schools come here to cheer for their teams and its a favorite hangout before Husky games.\n\nThe food is good and so are the drinks, though I'm not much of a beer connoisseur.  Like other folks have mentioned it may take a while to get seated so I recommend arriving early."
	: "They serve pretty good garlic pepper pork here and their pad thai is average but safe to go by. The servers are nice and accomodating. The price is about the same for most Thai restaurants around here- neither here nor there, pretty alright."
	: "As good as it gets for Burgers in Claremont. This place serves the \"Back Abbey\" burger, which is what I'll review below. They also carry an extensive collection of European import brews on tap. Located in the newly developed area of the Claremont village, the Back Abbey is nestled in a small building with some out side seating. The decor is a  industrial feel to it, but also a mixture of small Euro brew house. \n\nI walked in and was directed to one of the open tables. Within a few minutes, an attentive server was getting us drinks and menus. I perused the fare for a bit, but ultimately settled on the Back Abbey burger (medium) and the half order of fries. The burger arrived in about 15 minutes, warm and fresh. The patty was very fresh tasting compared to some of the burgers I had eaten recently. The Brioche bun had an aoili of some sort on it and some greens. There was a slice of smoked bacon on there was well. The fries were done in duck fat, perfectly crisped and oozing with flavor. All in all, the meal was fabulous, though a little on the pricey side (13 dollars for the burger).\n\nEverything added up here. I really enjoyed the meal and the beer selection. It's definitely a place to make a return trip."
	: "Tom's Cobb Pocket may be the best sandwich ever made. \n\nLovebirds is a fantastic sandwich and bakery spot. The brownie's are always worth a bite, though they are really sweet. \n\nTry the fresh squeezed lemonade."
	: "On the first day of school I had a really nasty cappuccino from Micro Yali's.  It had so much milk, it was like a latte.  However I haven't completely given up on this Yali's because it was the first day of school and all... the real one and the one at Stanley are good though!"
	: "Knowledgeable and accommodating of vegans. Service was excellent. Prices are high though."
	: "I went in here to buy my girlfriend a present for her birthday, and I usually don't like to buy her clothes because she always ends up exchanging them.  However, I ended up walking into Kaitlyn, and the girls who worked there were extremely helpful, and sold me into buying a few articles of clothing and some jewelry which my girlfriend loved! I thought the price was very reasonable since I was ready to pay a small fortune of my small paycheck so props to Kaitlyn on that. Double props for having awesome service and hiring some girls who are verrrry easy on the eyes too.\n\nI will not hesitate to come back again!"
	: "I ate at Minami for the first time tonight. The experience was horrible, and I felt compelled to register and write a review.\n\nWe got there at 6pm on a Sunday, and we didn't get seated until 6:30. I didn't expect it to be busy at all, so I guess the Minami people didn't either, because the service was terrible. There were only 2 waitresses and 2 chefs for the entire place, trying to accommodate a packed house with 2 very large parties. Ok, maybe I can understand this, but...\n\nThe waitress was very attentive for the first 5 minutes, before we even opened up our menu. There are 2 menus, and they are a visual pleasure, so it took us 10-15 minutes. By this time, the waitress had completely ignored the table. I had to raise my hand, and it was already around 7pm.\n\nThe food took over 1 hour to be served.  Yes we were checking our watches. And the hot food items were cold! I even saw other people's plates just sitting on the counter for over 15 minutes. We wondered if they were just on display, but they actually served this to other people. So I can't blame the chefs, although in addition the rolls were very sloppily cut...uneven pieces and some too big to fit in one bite. Decent taste though. When the waitress served a few plates, I asked her if the other plates were on the way, and she looked at me like she didn't know we had ordered more food. The other waitress had to bring them to us.\n\nWe finally finished at around 9pm. I can't believe the entire dining experience took 3 hours. I wouldn't have minded as much if at any time during the 1 hour wait, the waitress had come over and apologized for the wait and offered a free appetizer, anything to hold us over.\n\nThey were so strange, ignoring certain tables and quick (well, relatively quick) with others. I couldn't figure out the pattern. One table came after us, were brought their food before us, and left before us. I also overheard other tables complaining about the wait time, so we weren't the only ones.\n\nI will never go here again. And I don't care if they have great service any other day/time, a restaurant is only as good as the experience you had with them. Because if people have a negative experience, they will never come back. These people need to be on Kitchen Nightmares. Gordon Ramsey would never allow this!"
	: "I've been coming to Angelos since I was here at U-M as an undergrad, and am happy to report that nothing much has changed. It's still packed during the school year, with lines that stretch out the door. \n\nAngelos is only open for breakfast and dinner, until 3 if memory serves. They have a lot of 'famous' dishes, such as the deep fried French toast, but since I prefer savory, I always go with an omelet. For $8.75, you get an omelet with 4 fillings (including cheese) which comes with toast. Their bread is homemade, and they offer white, wheat, or raisin (which is a $.75 upcharge, but worth it). The omelets do not come with potatoes, but if you're a lumberjack and can put it away, I recommend ordering the potatoes (which are cubed and grilled, not grated or sliced) with the added onions, peppers and cheese - really delicious. \n\nMy husband is more of a lunch person, so when we go he always orders the Rueben with a side of sweet potato fries. It is a robust sandwich, and tastier if you order it with slaw instead of kraut. I'm also a fan of the chicken salad, which you can get fried or grilled, with some delicious homemade ranch. \n\nYou might have to wait to get a seat, but you won't walk out hungry."
	: "Overall, just an average steak house.  It has it's pluses and minuses: \n\nPlus:\n\n-Friendly greeters and servers\n-Upscale ambiance in the dining room (except for bar/TV-see below)\n-Steaks cooked nicely\n-Large menu list\n-Nice sides\n\nMinus:\n\n-Pricey, pricey and pricey (steaks are in the $38-$46 range; sides in $11 range, wines from $16 to $25; salads in the $15 range. \n-Bar/TVs are in the same room as the main dining room; for an upscale steak house this Yelper just does not believe you should be sitting in a nice ambiance eating expensive steaks and having ESPN glare at you.  Recommend that the bar'/tv area be closed off with a partition.  Hey, I am older, yes......and perhaps some young folks like being able to see TV.  I come from the old school if I take a lady to dinner at an upscale place, the ambiance should reflect that.  Fleming's is the expensive steak house with a Chili's type of atmosphere.  Not good!\n\n\nThey have a Sunday prime rib special which includes prime rib, one side dish, a salad and dessert for $40.  Best buy."
	: "I love Trader Joes! Truly unique products at a great price! I usually end up buying way more than I need because everything looks so great. They have an excellent array of vegetarian/vegan fare, and I find something new every time I go. The only down side is that they aren't very consistent with the availability of their products. Something you'd find one trip might not be there the next... but they more than make it up with the variety of what they have to offer. Highly recommend this!"
	: "Great service, healthy or not so  healthy which ever you like.  Lots of locals, I'll be back!"
	: "I did my research and decided to come to Foothill Quickly Smog. I first viewed their Smog special on their website and then got a great deal! For a certificate I paid $35 and got a free car wash! Awesome special and a great price. It was so fast too! Less than 15 minutes for sure. It's located behind the car wash, literally on the back side of the building. \nGiven their little secluded location, there is not much of a waiting space. Just some chairs outside. Not so great on a hot sunny day (like today) or a rainy day. Otherwise, I will be coming back."
	: "Being a non-C-U native yet someone who must spend a good portion of her life in the area, I've come to know many of the dining establishments in both the C and the U side of town.  Like so many other transplants, I find my emotions about dining in Champaign-Urbana range between two: either desperate for something decent or disappointed that yet another place stunk.  If you are looking for anything beyond a chain experience (Biaggi's, Chili's, Panera, etc.) the few diamonds in the rough are hard to come by.\n\nCouple this with the fact that cupcakeries have sprung up across the country in the past few years like a blight, with little to no quality control or easy way to distinguish the good from the bad, and my concern about Cakes on Walnut was already piqued before even sampling their offerings. But that concern quickly evaporated after my first visit, and now Cakes is a must-stop for me, as I am expected to walk through the door in the city in which I reside with a box of the latest cupcakes from Champaign. \n\nCakes delivers on its name by offering eight varieties of cupcakes each day, ranging from the staple (vanilla; red velvet) to the exciting (smore; limoncello).  Contrary to what a couple of other reviewers have said, these cakes do _not_ taste like a mix, but taste and are homemade - you can watch the process go down in the open kitchen area, if you like.  The frosting is delectable, although you will have a hard time avoiding wiping a fair amount of it on your nose as you attempt to eat it.\n\nThe ambiance is nice and charming, hand-painted with a swallow motif on the wall and cute, modern interior.  The bar is a nice touch and great place to enjoy a cupcake with a glass of milk or French press coffee.  The staff are friendly and warm and don't mind if you nurse your single cupcake for awhile, or grab them to go.\n\nCakes on Walnut is one of the few truly special food destinations in C-U and one of the few whose reputation crosses the city limits.  I am a fan."
	: "It was so good!! It was Noon on Sunday when the first opened. The staff was great and nice. The food was the best. \n\nI will have to go back. iPhone owners should check in with Gowalla."
	: "Who would have thought that I'd pick a place in Champaign for my 600th review!... Well, Bacaro certainly deserves it: I finally went there for dinner last night (after wanting to go for several months), and I was wowed. I'm still salivating thinking about it.\n\nI went there with pretty high expectations (I'd heard great things about it from several friends and coworkers): that's usually not a good thing as it makes it easier to be disappointed, but Bacaro did not disappoint. In fact, I'm happy to say that my dinner there was on a par with my best dining experiences in NYC.\n\nFirst and foremost: the food. My boyfriend and I decided to share a bunch of dishes. For appetizers, we ordered the fresh mozzarella with heirloom tomatoes and pesto, as well as the roasted suckling pig with homemade sauerkraut: they were both absolutely delicious (don't miss the suckling pig!). We then shared one entree: we got the braised pork shank, which came with sauteed spinach, mushrooms, bacon, and fig sauce: soooo good! The portions are not huge, but two appetizers and one entree turned out to be enough food. For dessert, we got the panna cotta with fresh fruit: simple but just as outstanding. That was some seriously great food!!\n\nAs Bacaro is also a wine lounge, their wine selection is quite extensive. We got a sampler of three wines by the glass for $14, all of which were pretty good. Not to forget the 10yo port we got with our dessert (very generous pour...), which was good also.\n\nService was great, ambiance was great (although it's a shame that the place was so empty)... it was really a great dinner (sure, it was not cheap, but entirely worth it!). By far the restaurant in Champaign, in my opinion. I'll definitely be back."
	: "Jaime was AMAZING.  I had some problems with my hip  (Yes, I'm secretly a 78 year old), and I went and saw Jaime and it was just an absolutely wonderful experience.\n\nI've never had PT before, but I learned a lot of great stretches and exercises.  In about 6 or 7 visits, I went from walking being painful, to being able to use the elliptical again (albeit for only a few minutes at at time).\n\nI really felt like Jaime gave me everything I needed to recover, and once she felt I was solidly on my way, she told me I was all set and that I could do the rest of it on my own.  I really appreciated her honesty about closing my case, and saving me the time and the money!\n\nAnother big plus in my book was that it was easy to get an appointment at Back on Track, and the location is really convenient for those of us without cars (right in the Charles Hotel complex, actually in the Wellbridge), just a few minutes from the T at Harvard Square."
	: "What a great place for lunch. Really fresh ingredients, authentic dishes, great lunch specials, and just damn good food.\n\nWe started off with the linguica  and pineapple appetizer. Perfectly grilled, not too salty, perfect crunch...just a great way to start it off.\n\nShe had the pork chop sandwich - perfect. The pork chop was tender and seasoned nicely, served on a soft port roll and chopped lightly fried potatoes. \n\nI had the cheeseburger. Perfect balance of char on a medium rare nice size piece of meat, served with some Portuguese cheese and on the same warm soft port roll. \n\nAll-in-all? About 15 buck s person for a great lunch that stuffed us. The dinner menu looked awesome as well (I'd def try the steak topped with egg). Prices are really reasonable, the atmosphere is very homey, the service is great, and the food is awesome. ENJOY!"
	: "I think that there are probably certain experiences that can define how fundamentally cool you are and where you best fit - meeting a celebrity, ability to pick a wine off the wine list, accurate pronounciation of European words.\n\nEnormous Room has those loungy style couches and pillows that are kind of hip and stylish.  I came here for a scotch tasting (AWESOME by the way - loooove The Macallan!) and saw that seating situation and started having some legit social anxiety.  Even when drinking manly 21 year old scotch, it is hard to be totally masculine when i have to lay out on a giant sofa like a beached whale.  Luckily, I found a normal couch across the aisle to park at - phew... that was close.\n\nEnormous Room is pretty sweet, the apps were good, and the place was just cool - although probably a little too cool for my speed if I was finding a Friday night hotspot."
	: "best balls ever -- cooked and sweetened to perfection. they have a nice variety of flavors, all made with the fresh stuff (none of the powdered crap). and the popcorn chicken... mmm."
	: "had to change my review to a-ok. visited 2 more times, and i'm not enjoying it as much once the novelty wore off.\n\ni ordered the noodles the on my 3rd visit and the portion seemed a bit small. actually, now it seems like for $9, they should provide a bit more veggies for all the entrees.  and $3.50 for a drink? no, thanks.\n\nand after reading some other yelpers' comments, i would have to agree:  the packaging for sauces and silverware is quite unnecessary and not environmentally friendly.  =(\n\nit's superficially nice (decor/service), but nothing substantial to keep costumers coming back... it's not doing it for me."
	: "I stumbled across this cool sneaker store after grabbing a bite at Top Dog and bought a couple of classic kicks from this new boutique in Berkeley. The store was cozy and inviting and the guys behind the counter were knowlegable about their product and pretty enthusiastic about making me a happy customer. They had shoes that I haven't seen since I was a kid. Great store and I'll definitely be back for more shoes when I throw out some older shoes from my closet."
	: "oh man, this place is good. Arguably the best bagel shop in UWS and perhaps one of the best in Manhattan. The line can build up, but it moves quickly. I would recommend getting the cream cheese on the side, unless you want a cream cheese bagel burger. They literally put a patty-sized gob of cream cheese between the bagels halves.\n\nThe outside of the bagel is crispy, but the inside remains chewy and soft. Bagels, at their finest. If I lived nearby, I would probably drop by every morning. Can't wait to go back!"
	: "I really like Central Kitchen.  Always have.  It's reliable.  Never disappoints.  \n\nI've tried a lot of different things on their menu, and I know their steak is very good.  In my last visit, we did a bunch of apps - loved their steak tartar, fried oysters and deviled eggs.\n\nI think what I love most about Central, in addition to the food, is the atmosphere.  Good people, cozy, unpretentious."
	: "Delicious beer and food. Very polite wait staff. But loud, and chuck full of yuppies, which are not necessarily horrible things. One of the best options in Princeton."
	: "I love there subs and pizza. One of the best in Cambridge by far. They have a great spin on there food and the pizza is much better than the average Greek style pizza new england is so famous for."
	: "Too bad I can't rate this place with NO star!  What a horrible experience!  The salon is quite beautiful and I naively walked in.  Immediately, two or three women approached me and as I was trying to tell them I just wanted a full set of acrylic nails, they are bombarding me with questions....wanting me to get other services.  They suggested a pedicure so I agreed.  Once in the chair, they were all over me!  One woman grabbed my right hand and another grabbed my left.  Another started working on my feet. They did NOT soak my old nails off but started digging and cutting them off with a pincher thing.  I kept telling them they were hurting me but that did little good.  The one on the left said, \"I give you special manicure...only $15 more!\"  She started cutting my cuticles and that took about a minute and THAT was ALL I got for my $15.  Then  a fourth woman comes over and ask if I'd like to have my eyebrows waxed.  Ok.  Why not.  Then she wants to do my chin and around my upper lip.  Ok.  The next thing I know, she has waxed my entire chin and RIPPED my skin off.  She did the same to my cheek and RIPPED a piece of skin off the size of a quarter!  So, I ended up with THE worst set of acrylic nails I've ever had, a decent pedicure, and an injured face for $i48 AND had to tip FOUR people!  I wanted to scream at them what a terrible job they had done but all I wanted to do was get out of there!  NEVER go to this place!"
	: "Ok, I have recently discovered that Snowman's got a variety of changing soft serve fat free/low cal \"Only 8\" ice cream/frozen dairy like product.\n\nSame price as soft serve. Delicious.\n\nOne of these days I'll try the hard serve, but for what it is - you can't go wrong with any of their soft serve items.\n\nGive in to the rainbow sprinkles.\n\nAlso saw mastercard and visa stickers here, so looks like they are taking them now."
	: "I am not a fan of the proprietor's other establishment, Society Cafe, also in the neighborhood. I feel it is over-priced (tiny portion sizes and mediocre ingredients in many menu items.) However, I loved the cocktails prepared by Ms. Irwin at 67 Orange Street the night I went-a couple delicious Dark and Stormys and a terrific cucumber martini. \n\nThe space was quirky and warm (literally and figuratively.) One cheesey element was cheap \"Spin\" barstools bought from Crate and Barrel. They just didn't fit with the decor and were a less thoughtful element than the other aspects of the interior design.\n\nI met a friend, who also lives nearby, for a couple drinks on a Saturday night. The service was good, but the space was very tight (there was a private party downstairs that night.) I was forcefully bumped by the actual owner (who didn't apologize), as he walked by. The music was safe R n' B (Stevie Wonder, etc.) and was a smidge too loud for this small-ish space. However, the lighting was warm and inviting and the crowd was beautiful and pleasant.\n\nI did not eat at 67 Orange Street, but might do so soon. Three cocktails, two cranberrry juices, and a plate each of chips and popcorn set me back $55 without tip. Again, the drinks were delicious, but did not pack any real punch. Next time, I'll stop in for one drink, rather than stay for a second and third (and fourth.) A last-minute shot of Jameson's (was that supposed to be a double?) set me back $13.00-WOW! I had been stunned by $9.00 for the same in Tribeca, where I'm certain the overhead is considerably higher.\n\nOverall,  67 Orange Street is a nice place to impress a date in Harlem, but you'll need to find a spot that allows you to have a hassle-free conversation. Generally, if I want an upscale cocktail experience, I'd rather go to a place like Stone Rose, where I can imagine where my money is going. Like at Society, I felt a bit ripped-off at 67 Orange Street."
	: "I would say that Border Cafe is the best Mexican Food in Cambridge.  And it's a pretty chill place to take a large group.  \n\nStrong drinks are highly appreciated - staff is not stingy with the tequila when it comes to their margaritas.  And the chips and salsas are top tier.  \n\nLet's face it, Mexican food is Mexican food.  The booze at Border is the differentiating factor here and that's enough in my book."
	: "Wohoo!!! Hit this place twice on Thanksgiving for pies. There was such smooth execution that the longest part of both trips was waiting for the cash register to print my receipt! I gotta say when you have 7 people coming in in a minute for multiple pies each, that is not an easy feat!"
	: "Great pizza, funky atmosphere.  We ordered the avocado & chips appetizer & I highly recommend spreading the fresh guacamole on your pizza.  The bathroom is such a trippy carnival funhouse it's worth the trip alone."
	: "Manas is my go-to Indian food place. You get a lot of good Indian food for a good price. I usually get the lamb tikka masala ($10.95) and either some garlic naan or regular naan. The food has always been good, and my experience with the service has been good. I particularly like their lunch buffet ($9.95) because it gives me a chance to taste some new dishes along with my favorites without having to order it and just hope I like it. The ambiance in the restaurant is nice, pretty quiet, and its fun to watch the Bollywood music videos.\n\nEven when I move away the USC area, I can see myself coming back to Manas or ordering their food for delivery (although I'll miss the free delivery within a 3 mile radius)."
	: "Santa Fe Cafe was the best bar in College Park up until about the year it closed down.  Their specials were decent and dependable, usually always $2 bud or $2 rails.  On Wednesday nights they would sometimes have $2 Yuenglings or Rolling Rocks.\n\nI never had an opportunity to eat at Fe, but if you're complaining about bar food in a college town, go to a real restaurant!  Bar food is typically always the same and never that good.\n\nThe best part of Fe was the live music it used to have usually on Wednesdays, Fridays, and Saturdays.  This was not like the other college bars because the music attracted a different crowd then the younger over intoxicated kids that just come to grind on each other.  They had great acts such as Afroman, Asher Roth, Busta Rhymes, Eve 6, Lit, The Bloodhound Gang, Junior Marvin, and many more!  It also supported all the amazing local bands in CP.  Ever since it closed, our music scene is almost non existent.  It was my favorite place in college park and I wish it were still open!"
	: "They had a tiny tiny selection of crochet books and a gigantic selection of knitting books.  They also did not have any crochet accessories, even though they had some nice Brittany knitting needles.  No one even said a word to me which I don't mind too much.  The yarn was really nice, but they seemed like they had a tiny selection.  I will probably come back here  only if I'm in the area and if I had a pattern in mind."
	: "I like this store.  I can't believe it got bad reviews.  It is exceptionally clean (I went on a weekday evening so maybe it's not the norm) and well organized.  They have a decent amount of \"exotic\" foods like pomegranates and such.   Everything was very clean, just the way I like it.  Hoorah!  \n\nIt's reasonably priced for a city grocery store."
	: "I haven't done brunch here yet, but I've heard it's epic. The drinks... are also delicious though. We went in for a post birthday dinner drinks on a Thursday night, and sat at the bar. The place is awesome. The music was awesome. The decor is awesome. The drinks are awesome. Their super extensive cocktail menu has something for everyone, and they're all named amazing things, like Rich & Dirty, or Sweet & Sassy. The bartenders are good at their job. Delicious."
	: "Another great burger joint found!\n\nCheeburger Cheeburger has a very retro, 50's vibe to it. This may seem off-putting to those looking for a gourmet style burger, but have no fear, this place offers amazing food!\n\nThe menu was a bit overwhelming, but they helped us figure out what was going on and ordering became quite simple. My fiance and mother shared one of their gardenburger wraps (huge plus that they offer veggie burgers, by the way), and I got a \"Serious\" burger (1/2 lb) cooked medium with cheddar, sauteed onions and mushrooms, guacamole, and jalapenos on top. We also ordered a medium basket of fries along with zesty horseradish and creamy jalapeno dips.\n\nFirst off, I know they enjoyed their veggie burger wrap. My fiance is very picky about getting veggie burgers, as only certain patties appeal to her, and she loved this one. The fries were also very good, we topped them with their signature seasoning, there was a ton in the basket, and they tasted excellent with the sauces. But the clincher, IMO, was my burger. I was amazed at how big, juicy, and perfectly cooked the patty was. Topped off with all my favorite choices, as well as some of the jalapeno dip to add some kick, and this is one of the best burgers I've had at any place! I can definitely say I'll be visiting Cheeburger Cheeburger a lot more now that I know how good the food is here!"
	: "We opted for Sunday night to avoid the $30 cover.  Salad and dinner were decent, music great.  I had the apple dessert which was so-so, quite small and simple, but the ice cream on it delicious."
	: "Cheap dinner!  I've recently become a fan of Linnaea's dinner specials, particularly rice & beans on Wednesday and chili with cornbread on Friday.  Both are vegetarian (the rice & beans probably are vegan too).  Many, many toppings are offered for the rice & beans.  The chili is available in a half-order size which, combined with the huge hunk of moist cornbread, is enough for a meal.  Oh, and don't miss the amazing selection of coffee and tea drinks.  Plus free Wi-Fi and live music!! (just beware of the very small, very faded sign regarding a $5 minimum for credit card purchases)"
	: "I came here to satisfy a boba craving and left unsatisfied.  Their milk tea boba is absolutely tasteless and really watered down.  The only reason why I could imagine someone coming here is because it has wifi and is close to UCLA... as for myself, I'd much rather spend my $2.50 on a Stan's donut or a slice of pizza at Enzo's.  \n\nOne star for location and one star for good customer service."
	: "The Greenhouse is one of the best food options on campus.  Food is .44 cents per ounce, which is 2 cents less than over at whole foods, while they buy from the same providers, which makes their lettuce the best available.  I work at the greenhouse, and in all honesty, I have never seen a baked potato (which are in fact baked), come out to more than 2.75.  Their pre-made Specialty salads are a set price of 5.00, or 6.60 if you get an uber premium one.\n\nSomebody mentioned earlier that they were charged .05 for a container for the bread roll and soup.  This is because they already provide a to-go soup cup with lid and paper bag for free, and a wax roll holder.  All the containers are made from recycled paper, corn, or potato, are are very expensive to offer. \n\nLet's compare cost.  Cost-wise, we beat out other \"greasy food options\".  If you get equal amounts of hot food from The Greenhouse and Panda Express, (e.g. 1 lb {2-item combo} box from Panda, and 1 lb of Pasta Primavera from the Greenhouse), you will pay 4.64 from Greenhouse, while paying 6.64 at Panda for the same amount.  The Large salad is 5.00, the soda is 1.50, and that means your friend got a Baked Potato with toppings that weighed over 2.2 lbs, approximately 10.00.  Your friend just doesn't know how to portion themselves.  For any normal person, the pricing and food sizes are perfect for a college budget."
	: "We came here for another one of their \"First Friday\" events. (Basically every first Friday of each month, the museum opens up after hours. The \"Darwin Revolution\" was in town! My husband, the Scientist that he is, was extremely happy to find out that they were showcasing this exhibit.  We had a fantastic time. \n\nSide note: Two most amazing things I saw that evening....a hummingbird skeleton (so fragile!) and the cuauhxicalli, the Aztec's basalt basin used to sacrifice humans to their gods (oooh, interesting!)\n\nBooze, live music, dj's and HISTORY! \n\nAnother round of 5 stars for the NHM of LA. \n\nFYI,  $9 for adults and $6 with a student id but...FREE tickets to all \"First Fridays\" if you become a museum member!"
	: "Here's my pitch:  I watched as this store was built from the ground up.  I thought it would be just another over-priced Palo Alto boutique unaffordable to the normal low-maintenance woman such as myself.  This afternoon, I put my skepticism aside and walked in.  I have to give them kudos because they have proven me wrong in every way possible.  This boutique has fantastic shoes by big and small name designers from $30 - $300.  But here's the clincher:  all of the profits go to the Global Fund for Women!  How ridiculous is that?!  A retail store with a conscience.  Double plus bonus points goes to them because they are offering free manicures through november to anyone who purchases shoes.  I'll be coming back here often let me tell you."
	: "Just average Korean food.  Tried their bi bim bap and one of their stews (don't remember which one, sorry) and they were both... very average.  A bit lacking in flavor.  The prices aren't stellar but nothing too beyond expectations.\n\nI give this place 3 instead of 2 stars because they give you those little Korean tapas (I'm not an expert on the names of Korean  dishes, if you can't tell).  I love these!  Also, the decor is clean and kind of cute.  Not the worst place to have a quiet lunch."
	: "I think it would be easier and faster to make my own paper at home rather than to purchase it here at this Office Depot. I was going to say that the employees at this location were clearly retarded, but then I remembered that it was no longer politically correct to use the term retarded in that way... so I consulted my handy dandy thesaurus. \n\nPlease feel free to use any of the following terms to describe (in a politically correct manner) the staff at Office Depot:\n\nBackward, birdbrained, defective, dim, dim-witted, dopey, dull, dumbbell, dumbo, dumdum, dummy, exceptional, feeble-minded, gorked, half-witted, held back, imbecile, lamebrained, mentally defective, moronic, numbskull, opaque, pinhead, retardo, sappy, simple, simple-minded, slow, slow-witted, stupid, subnormal, touched, underachieving, weak, yo-yo."
	: "Sunday Brunch is probably my favorite meal of the week, and after moving to a new city I was excited about finding new brunch spots to try out. A friend recommended Benjy's to me and I have fallen in love with this cute little restaurant! \nThe menu changes every couple months, which I love about the place, because you know the food will be freshed and the chef is being inspired by what's available in season and not just sticking to old recipes that have been on the menu for ages and lose their sparkle.\nBetween my friends and I we tried out their seasonal french toast , crab cakes and eggs. The french toast was made with freshly baked brioch and served up with a fruit reduction and mango salsa. The crabcakes were deliciously plump, meaty and perfectly pan seared with a side of fresh fruits. The portions were rather large, none of us were able to finish our plates..but that's not really something to complain about is it. And the price was just right! \nI would definitely recommend going back atleast once every two months so you can try out the latest on the menu."
	: "I have never actually bought a shirt here, I just go to look at the shirts and get a good laugh.  They are UrbanO-esque shirtswith catchy lines and vintage looks, there are band shirts and images of all your favorite icons.  Not all are G rated so be sure not to take your 7 year old sister along."
	: "Pretty ordinary food.  I've been there three times now--one with my wife, and two times with other couples, and each time the most accurate thing that I can say about the food is that it's ordinary.  About what I'd expect from a place run by a big corporation.  If you're looking for something special, this isn't the place.  If you're looking for something safe, then you'll probably be pretty happy."
	: "ooooh man..... this place makes me sick....and the fact that their open past 2 am and are in stubling distance from my favorite u-district bar doesnt help any...vomiting up  food from \"the hut\" hurts."
	: "I've come to a firm conclusion about chain sub places. For me, if there is a firehouse subs around, Jimmy John's, Jersey Mikes, Quiznos, and Subway can kiss my dust. Seriously the food at firehouse subs is that much better. To be honest, I think this is one of the few fast food places that I actually enjoy eating at. \n\nMy favorite subs here are the New York Steamer (pastrami and beef brisket) and the Firehouse Meatball subs. They have significantly more flavor than any of the subs offered at their competitors. Theyare also served nice, hot and toasty, and have a great ratio of toppings to bread.  And the soda machine at this particular one is pretty cool it. Its one of those new digital ones that they have at Sam's club which serves like 20 different sodas. Pretty neat.  \n\nThere isn't much else to say about this place, except for the fact that I think its pretty neat that they make a pastrami sub (which also happens to be my favorite), and that they should consider making a Cuban Sandwich sub."
	: "CHEAP! CHEAP! CHEAP!\n\nDepending on whether they clean the grease that day, your fried food can be golden or as tanned as George Hamilton.\n\nAfter the bar late at night, or craving fried chicken any time I head on over and play grease roulette there. It's soo bad it's good.\n\nLove their orangey mac and cheese.\n\nLove their slaw.\n\nNot soo much the heartburn stuff I take after, but still it's cheap and filling"
	: "This place is a pretty good place to meet up for just having a talk with a friend, but not so much if you want to get work or studying done.\n\nThe place is always stuffy, internet is slow, and the place is just too loud.\n\nIn terms of food, it's pretty mediocre. The price for a sandwich and salad is about $7, but the sandwich itself is pretty empty. The salad consists of a few greens and some balsamic vinegar. The sandwich is toasted bread, tomato, cheese, and your choice of meat (of which there is not much).\n\nI wouldn't recommend going here for a meal, but the staff of the place are pretty nice if you ever get the chance to talk to them."
	: "People LOVED my wedding cake.  They had seconds, and some even thirds!  Have you ever heard that happen at a wedding?? I haven't... which is why I didn't get to have any of my cake.. it ran out so quickly I was shocked.\n\nI did have one bit when I cut it, and of course I had plenty during the tasting which is why I chose Cocoa Bakery despite the very little reviews I've seen about them.  I tasted 4 different bakeries and this was by far the best one.  My family loved it so much we ended up ordering extra slices to eat there.\n\nGrace is professionally trained and still teaches regularly.  Her cakes are fresh, light, and with just the right amount of sweetness.\n\nIt's been months since my wedding and people are still talking about the cake.  My husband ended up getting a small cake from her this week for my birthday and it was just as amazing as I remembered.  \n\nI've had many cakes from some crust as well, and this is just different.  I still LOVE some crust, but the cakes are so different I can't really compare them.  I would definitely say that with some crust, I can only eat a small slice at once, but with Cocoa's cakes, because they're so much lighter, I can eat a lot more :P"
	: "Delicious mac n cheese. My friend and I will return just for this dish. We go on a weeknight and find it nice and quiet. It's a great restaurant outside Boston. Easy parking and nice service. \n\nCan't wait to go back."
	: "I'm on the border of giving this place 2 stars, but I wish there were 2.5 stars. The music was decent. They were playing techno/dance music. The place had no cover, so that was nice. This place was well stocked, but didn't serve MGD or even Miller Light. The place wasn't a little less than half packed. The decor was pretty modern and updated and had many seats.\n\nThe parking lot had a $5 fee, so any place you go to around there, you have to cough up the money to park."
	: "had the one with shrimp and what not...........bomb! not so good after you nuke it tho"
	: "As of today, it looks like they're renovating the place, probably spending a lot of money upgrading the decor. \n\nUnfortunately for the owners (new owners?) of Frizzante, the looks of the restaurant were never what kept people away. The service wasn't great, and the food was a few small steps up from Chef Boyardee. \n\nWith no other Italian restaurants in this part of Harlem, it's hard to believe this place has trouble surviving."
	: "Ask a kid to describe what heaven looks like, and they will probably come up with something that looks a lot like Ricky's.  Bright, colorful, and filled with sweet confections, it's like Candy Land come to life.\n\nI was trying to find gifts for my friend's two kids, aged 7 and 9.  Ricky's had exactly what I needed and more!  For the girl, a gift box of every Disney Princess as...PEZ!  For the boy, 2 race cars that can race along the floor and also distribute..PEZ!  Ah PEZ, how I love those little tablets. In addition to that, a reindeer that poops chocolate candies, a snowboarding Santa, gummies that look like full meals, gummies the glow in the dark, and bowls of \"Reindeer Food\" (cookies for kids).\n\nYup, I have 2 new BFFs now, aged 7 and 9.  To make things even more fun, I chose to distribute these gifts at the most optimal time - breakfast time on a school day!  Nothing like early morning hyperactivity!\n\nThe \"Chaos\" part of Ricky's is the station where you can make your own sundaes - what a dream.  I am sure they get packed during the summer months.\n\nGreat place to indulge a favorite child, or my personal favorite, your own inner child."
	: "Standard American joint with a fairly typical menu. I've been to many a birthday and celebration dinner here because it is very good for large groups. The sweet potato fries are delicious just don't make the mistake of ordering the shrimp and grits. It leaves something to be wanted."
	: "A neo-rustic ware-house bistro,  chic in presentation and attitude. The food borders on good to really good. service good to fair. They put real butter in the pasta and they don't skimp on portions. Plan on spending one hundred dollars for two people. Drink some Italian wine to make the experience better. You're sitting on the border of housing projects and Bio-Techs. Hmmm. Outpost?. Almost."
	: "Came in on a quiet week night.  Husby tried the half-rack Philthy Phil's ribs and I tried the shredded pork sandwich.  His ribs were total rib-by goodness!  It's got a lovely mustard-vinegar sauce on it, which gives  a tanginess and sweetness.  His sides were beans and coleslaw, both of which were pretty good.  His entree also came with a corn muffin and honey butter- yummy!  I wish my sandwich tasted better- I wasn't a fan of their sauce- Mack's up in San Carlos (Bay Area) makes a much better sandwich and sauce.  The entree also comes with coleslaw- you can ask for it on the side, which I did- and a choice of a side.  I wish I could have ordered the other kinds of ribs- you actually can order their  kinds of ribs in an entree- and their fried green tomatoes.  I guess when I drive down 101 again I'll have to give it a shot!"
	: "Oh man, I used to live in the apartments right by Joshu-Ya.  Anytime I craved sushi, I would just walk down to this restaurant.  Excellent service, fat and fresh rolls, good prices...good times!"
	: "Several of my friends have instructions that, should I ever be involved in a freak accident involving a bus, they are to bring me Cocomero, specifically 1/2 cheesecake, 1/4 peanut butter, 1/4 banana with yogurt chips and 4 pieces of banana. I like Cocomero OK. It's a cool concept. Apparently, the same sort of stuff is popular out west. If I had more money and was paid more often, I'd definitely go more often."
	: "Beware -- The parking lot for this business now has a person on the lot hiding in a car who boots your car as soon as you leave the property, even if you are only going off the property for 2 minutes after having lunch.  I have gone to this business for years but will not ever again.  This deceptive practice and holding you up for $75 is terrible"
	: "An unbelievable place! More variety, more yummy treats than I've found in any other supermarket or ethnic grocery in greater DC. OK, examples:\nFresh mushrooms: Wow - not just oyster mushrooms, also King Oysters, maitake, shimeji (hen o the woods) and lots of others, depending on when you go. Low prices. They have a great collection of dried fungi too.\nIce milk bars: Taro, red bean, green bean, black sesame, lychee are just some of the flavors. I try to ration them to myself.\nAloe vera juice: are you addicted yet? You're gonna need H&A - they have huge bottles in a crazy assortment of flavors."
	: "Hello love, and by love, I mean caramel brule latte.\n\nI typically don't do much coffee, but during finals week all my caffine morals are thrown out the window.  (yeah, baby)\n\nOk, so the goal of the starbucks trip was to get a small caramel burle latte (a caffine booty call) and to sap them of their wifi.  I'd like to note that at this location, the baristas are always really sweet and friendly. Service is famously decent.\n\nHowever, it's always super crowded with stressed out Cal kids who have Chem books as thick as I am. Thankfully, I did snag a highly coveted seat at their high table with those dope plug points hidden in the table.  My poor, dear laptop was dying so I plugged it in and searched for wifi.  The first network was the starbucks network, which, to my dismay, seemed to only be accessible through paying or getting a starbucks card. what the eff. no.\nThe next network was called 'Air Bears Extreme', and just didn't work. Please, extreme air bears, don't taunt me. \nSadly, this isn't a goldilocks story where one network was just right. None of them worked.  So, I enjoyed my dope latte while checking out some papers I'm half writting and figuring out what i needed to do once I find access to the internet.  \n\ncase in point: good service, kind of crowded, bad internet."
	: "Odd spices for Indian food, over-cooked dishes, garlic nan without garlic equals a disaster! I have eaten Indian fast food before which wasn't terribly impressive but THIS was outstandingly poor! Hope I can forget this experience soon!"
	: "The strange thing about Nouvelle is that I understand perfectly why so many people give it 5 stars -- but I also understand why it gets low ratings.  I used to be in love with it -- both my boyfriend and I go often as the experience -- when it is good -- is very very good.  \n\nWhen I was there the other day however, I saw a series of events happen that made me think carefully about whether or not I will return.  A faithful client was late (but did not know she was late) and instead of addressing the situation directly and asking if she could return another time or looking for another solution, the staff rushed her through their service with no explanation whatsoever.  When the client asked why she was being rushed, the technician told her that she had been instructed to \"give a minimal service.\"  Asked about this, the owner did not even apologize.\n\nI understand the importance of running a tight ship in the service industry -- other clients don't want to wait because someone else was late.  But to simply rush a late client by giving them crappy service -- without even speaking to them about the situation -- that's just bad customer service and it creates bad will.  In this case, the customer initially thought that the salon was overbooked and so she was being treated unprofessionally as a result. \n\nIt's good to give great service, but part of that is communicating with clients -- all the reviews for Nouvelle that are not good on Yelp seem to have that problem at their root."
	: "Manny's is located in a pretty convenient place on Telegraph. I would say its a pretty \"safe\" pub. The prices are good, their selection is pretty average, and the service is chill.\n\nAll in all, compared with its counterparts in the area, its a fairly average place to go. The food here is limited and not really worth ordering in my opinion. If you want food with your beer, try visiting Blakes or Jupiters. Otherwise, if you just want a place to chill, drink beer, and hang out but can't be bothered to walk down to Shattuck (Becketts) or drive (Albatross/Red Rock) , Manny's is a \"safe\" decision."
	: "Not only is Pyara my favorite Boston area spa and salon, it was the first spa I went to in the area.  I've since tried some other high-end places on Newbury and the like, and have never received treatment that surpassed my experience here.  Sure it is pricey for a salon, but as far as good full-service spas go, the prices are reasonable.  The facials there are extremely relaxing and effective.  I never feel like my face is congested or goopy upon leaving, just soft and refreshed.  The products smell excellent.   The massages I had were very comfortable; heated table, just the right amount of music, good decor, and of course, skilled hands.  I've had several haircuts and colorings there by senior and junior stylists alike, and each has had a unique and effective style for my (sometimes pesky) wavy and thick hair (though I will say that if you don't have a preference, go with a junior stylist and save some cash).\n\nI think a nice thing about the vibe in Pyara is that it fits Harvard Square well.  Though it's a relatively nice spa, the receptionists, hairdressers and aestheticians all have an alternative and often punk-rock sensibility.  There is nothing stuffy about Pyara (or Aveda salons in general, it seems).  They are down to earth, no pun intended.  They are knowledgeable and will recommend products they've used on you at the end of your visit but it's not high pressure.\n\nThe only downside to Pyara is that it can be tough to get an appointment when you want one.  I think it's wonderful that they are opening another spa and salon in Burlington this fall, with extended services.  I'm sure it will get plenty of business if it's anything like Pyara Harvard Square.  Plus, finally, I'll be able to park my car and not fret during my relaxation time about feeding the meters."
	: "Awesome Hushpuppies!  Had shrimp & cheese grits for the first time....freaking delicious!"
	: "The service, and I am being kind in calling it that, is atrocious.   The room is bright and of the not clean persuasion.   DO NOT UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES GO INTO THE BATHROOMS!   The food is greasy and at best so-so.  The bento box isn't too bad."
	: "I'm not too much into science and technology but was very entertained by the exhibits. I especially like the moving Holograms and the Gestural Engineering section. I was hoping that MIT would infuse me with some extra smartness by just being in its presence, but alas no. It takes less than an hour to peruse the museum. Definitely a must see while in Boston/Cambridge.\n\nWe geeked out and bought too much in the gift shop!"
	: "This was my experience:\nWhen I received my vegetarian order - which was described as a potato and cauliflower cake in tomato broth - I started to eat it and could see there was something like cheese inside. I asked the waiter, is there cheese in this? I told him I was allergic to dairy. He said no, absolutely no cheese. I said thank you and kept eating. As I got halfway through this potato/cauliflower cake I kept spying in it some stringy substance that looked like cheese. I worried about getting sick. So I went back to the kitchen and said, is there cheese in this dish I am eating? I really am very allergic to dairy. My waiter came over and said no cheese. I said, are you sure? The cook overheard us and said yes there is cheese. The waiter turned to me and said, sorry yes there is cheese. ARghhhh!"
	: "Eek! I just don't think their ice cream is that good. The flavors are, you know, the same ones you can find anywhere, and the quality is just average. Go elsewhere to find rich, creamy delicious ice cream or unique flavors. 2 stars.\n\nI'm tacking on a 3rd star because I like that they offer dairy free/ no moo/ vegan (whatever you want to call it) ice cream and \"milk\" shakes. Only two flavors-- chocolate and peanut butter-- but it's something. I'd like to see them expand those options.\n\nIt's kind of a dingy, not-so-nice location overall, so I have always opted for take-out rather than eat-in. It would take a makeover of the physical space, and an expansion of the menu, to get me to feel more enthusiastic about this so-so joint."
	: "Yes root beer galore!  and other neat-O bottled sodas, although for $2.95 each, ouch.\n\nThe peeps here were very nice and attentive, I think we went in right before closing and I hate being \"THAT\" person, but the staff didn't seem to mind.  \n\nI got a hamburger plate ($6 and change), and I felt kinda cheated.  Burger, less fries than a MickyD's small, and a bit o'salad.  I was still a bit hungry after eating, and I wasn't like starving before hand.  \n\nThe burger was good edible little pre-formed thing, lauren r. said it was like charlies but better cuz it had that flame grilled taste, the same went for her salmon burger.  \n\nSaving graces, non-wilty salad, char grilled taste, and crispy if few fries.\n\nI'll give them another go, but I'll skip the $3 bottled soda novelty and bring a 50 cent can from work   :D"
	: "Never again over priced Chinese food ."
	: "Heart is pumping.  Running wild.  Running scared.  Running... well, fuck it, just running.  Running from what?  To what?  Who knows.  Just running.  And what keeps you running?  MEAT.  Red meat.  Lots of it.  Fatty meat.\n\nFatburger is a landmark.  It's one of those places that you have to try at some point before you die.  And if you eat there, it may very well be listed as your cause of death, but don't worry, because your last thought will be \"it was sooooo worth it.\"\n\nYou know, it's funny how you can go to different franchises that belong to the same restaurant chain and experience such varied results.  Well, this Westwood Fatburger location is by far the greasiest, fattiest, most disgustingly DELICIOUS Fatburger location to which I've ever ventured... and I've been to a few in my day.  THIS JUST OUT: Stay away from the location on Venice.  That place is terrible.  The one in Sherman Oaks is ok... but Westwood holds the crown for me.  Which is convenient, because it's pretty close to home.\n\nYou walk in... to a shithole.  This place looks like Paul Bunyan's asscrack after a night of eating buffalo chili.  But it doesn't matter.  Because you're here to eat.  To eat Fatburger.  The legendary.  The one.  The only.\n\nYou will remember your meal for years.  I remember one Fatburger meal specifically.  We bet a well-proportioned friend that he couldn't take down a Triple Kingburger Meal.  That's right, TRIPLE.  That's 1 1/2 pounds of beef.  Fries.  And a chocolate shake.  He puked.  It was awesome.  But damn if he didn't give it his best shot.  Priceless high school moments... ahhhh...\n\nAnd the beautiful thing is that this place hasn't changed a bit since those old days.  Same menu (although they've added a veggie burger, turkey burger, and a few chicken sandos), same prices.  And they do it right.  Give me a greasy burger, with greasy fries (I'll take the steak fries extra crispy, thanks) and a shake (my preference is strawberry, but go for what you like... it's all about excess here).\n\nOh, and don't be a pussy health nut and get a Baby Fat... At least go for a Fatburger.  And if you're hungry, go for the Kingburger.  With cheese.  Add some bacon.  Hell, they'll even add an egg and chili if you want... did somebody say BREAKFAST???  Hell yes.\n\nSo I was torn on how to rate this place.  Do I give it 1 star because it's a dirty shithole of a restaurant that serves grease packaged as a burger?  I was close.  But no.  I'm giving this joint 4 stars, for being everything that you want when you're craving a nasty, greasy, deliciously fattening burger on the late night."
	: "Wow. \n\nThe food here was delicious (among the best fine dining meals I've sampled in Boston) but the staff and service at this place was truly, truly exceptional. It *was* the best I've experienced in Boston...and ranks up there with the best anywhere.  \n\nDefinitely recommend and definitely going back."
	: "Just had a good experience with New Harlem Car Service. Called them for a trip from Morningside Heights to the West 70s. Car showed up within minutes. The driver was courteous and he helped me with my unusually large amount of luggage. The car was clean, odor-free and I got where I was going without any incident. I would recommend their service to anyone."
	: "Molly is the best!!!  She is very knowledgable about different kinds of curly hair and the best way to care for it and what products to use.  I recently moved to Pasadena and the air is much dryer than what I am used to so I've been having some issues with that.  Molly knew just what to recommend and did a great job with my cut!  Also she is incredibly sweet and patient.  I will definitely be returning to Orpheum.  Plus there is plenty of 2 hour street parking and they will validate for the lot next door.  Thank you for my new look!"
	: "The Chow never disappoints, I mean if it does it's kind of your own fault? You pick your stuff, you provide it to the cooks, and they cook it. Brilliant!\n\nUnless your a prickly, snobbish, and nose-up kinda person there is nothing to really hate here. I mean the bar can be a bit untidy and sometimes there is a wait to make your dish, but that's just cause so many folks love this place! The staff is friendly and very efficient.\n\nThose with severe food allergies may wish to dine elsewhere, however they take mondo efforts to make sure those with diet requirements are handled with care!"
	: "The sandwiches and salads from Main Street are excellent.   It's not your usual boring lunch fare, but always something fresh and delicious.   Christina's Salad is a favorite of mine and their gazpacho is very fresh and tasty.   A treat from the bakery is the perfect way to wrap up your lunch from Main Street.  I love their brownies!"
	: "HUGE SLICE for $5 \n\nCheese was not too thick, Crust was great, and the pepperoni was less red and more pink-ish & less artificial; aside from size, pretty standard as far as NY pizza goes.\n\nJust a heads up: there's only a bar along the wall with chairs, and no tables. Ideal for a late night snack with a buddy or two. Big groups have to stand outside and obstruct sideway pedestrian traffic."
	: "_ _ _ _ _ _ _\n_-_-_-_-_-_-   Bweeeeeeee RAPID 0 to 60 on downtown Boston roadways!\n\n                                                                 _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ \nBweeeeeeee hold on for SHARP turns!  _-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-\n\n_ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ __\n_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_   Bweeeeeeee SLAMMING on breaks to avoid collisions!\n\n                                                                  _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _\nBweeeeeeee you almost HIT a cyclist!     _-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_-_\n\n\n\n~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~   A roller coaster of a ride home!   ~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~-~\n                                              Bweeeeeeee!"
	: "I have to admit, I only ate here because Conan's Pizza was closed. But, out of that tragedy came something...pretty good. \n\nHungry Howie's is a Detroit-based pizza chain serving unique pizza with \"flavored\" crust. Ummm...if by \"flavored\" they mean, Mrs. Dash seasoning sprinkled on the crust, which don't get me wrong, is quite tasty. This is a new pizza location amongst seemingly hundreds on \"the drag\". Let's see...in an 8 block radius we've got Dominos, Pizza Hut, Austin's Pizza, Niki's, Pappa Johns, Conan's, Pizza Classics, Mellow Mushroom, blah blah....and NOW HUNGRY HOWIE'S! Does this place stand out amongst its competition? I will say a mellow, \"yes\". \n\nThe pizza itself isn't anything to rave on about, but the flavored crust is an exciting change. But, what is amazing is the dorkily-named \"Three Cheeser\" Bread and the dessert cinnamon bread. Holy shit that stuff is economical greatness. Fatty and delish! You stuff your face even though you feel like a fat kid who'll have to wear a shirt to swim the following summer. But....who cares? I sure didn't. \n\nThe service here is also amazing! My boyfriend has chatted up the owners who are more than happy to tell their patrons of their undying devotion to the Hungry Howie's franchise. Despite it being a chain, it certainly doesn't feel like it. I would so much rather kick it with Howie than Pappa John, Pizza Butt, or the cardboardy Domino's combined.\n\nAnother great thing is that when you order your food, the owners will open up the box and show you your food...like their proud of it.  I haven't  seen such beaming pride since my parents' faces at my brothers' band performances back in the mid-nineties. I mean, when they show me the food, what do they expect me to do? ha ha ha...\n\nA major bummer however, is the delivery charge. It's something like $3! Chances are, if you're ordering from HH, you live in walking distance. Unless you're stoned out of your mind, save money and don't get it delivered. Get off your ass, go to the store, chat up the friendly owners and see if they proudly open up the pizza box for your approval. After all, the pizza does come in cute little yellow and black taxi cab looking boxes. \n\nHungry Howie\nOh Hungry Howie\nSprinkle your tasty blend of spices upon my \nsoon-to-be- devoured-pizza crust\nI'll wash you down with some cinnamon sticks and a smile. \nNothing from Detroit ever left such a good taste in my mouth. \nSigh."
	: "Let's call a spade a spade. This is quality standard gastropub - probably what wikipedia could easily advertise as a example of gastropub but IT WAS NOTHING SPECIAL.\n\nGood food (i had the chicken. my friends had the scallops) with very reasonable portions at an average price. The wine selection was quality but nothing super amazing. The host was friendly, but nothing too exciting to advertise.\n\nEssentially, this is the stuff you would see in a romantic comedy with Scarlett Johanson. Delightful.. but nothing to memorable."
	: "My husband and I went here last night for his birthday.  It was our first time in and the place was much nicer than I expected from the outside.  The dining room was a fairly calm atmosphere for a sports bar, which was great for us.  We ordered beers, which were good, and shared a salad and a pizza.  The salad was okay -- the quality of lettuce could have been better and the dressing was a little heavy, but it tasted good.  The pizza was amazing -- we ordered the \"Favorite,\" and I'm sure it will be one of our favorites!  The deep dish crust was crispy, not soggy like other deep dishes.  It was great, and the prices were very reasonable.  The service was excellent, too."
	: "Review in progress... PS ~ this place has AMAZING food and beer!"
	: "I've eaten here three times in the past few months and am hooked on the fish tacos.  The haddock is deep fried, but it comes out tasting light and the flavor of the fish comes through.  Have dined there in groups of 6-8 and have always had good service and everyone has been happy with their food, with one exception: my husband wasn't thrilled with the steak ranchero, but that may be more because he wanted a traditional American-style steak and the server took his order for \"medium rare\" without explaining the dish to him...there was no medium rare to be had.\n\nFriendly service, with small bowls of fresh hot chips and both red and green salsa delivered repeatedly before and throughout the meal.  Good $2.00 margaritas.  Wish this weren't so far from home!"
	: "Siam is my favorite Thai restaurant in Urbana. I love their vegetarian options (even though I eat meat) - they make a mean mock duck and they are willing to substitute Seitan into just about any dish. I discovered the CRISPY pad thai about a year ago, and it's become my favorite dish (pad thai that's fried? what's not to love??).\n\nThe very best part about this restaurant is the fact that they deliver to Urbana residents EAST of Vine st. My only complaint about this place is the variable service (esp since they don't take reservations). I've been here for both dinner and lunch on several occasions and I have to say depending on which server you get, the service is either great or horrendous. beware..."
	: "I was definitely craving pizza on such a [sarcasm] terrible second day of school. [/sarcasm]  Came in and smelled the delicious pizza with huge NY style slices. I eyed the artichoke and spinach pizza and gave it a try. WITH a garlic knot. Carbs overload, and I don't care! Waited for a few minutes, and got my hot slice out! I took a bite and my eyes got so big because it was DELICIOUS. Ricotta cheese was underneath the goody-ness of spinach, crisp artichoke and tomatoes. The garlic knot was good, but it could've been better. They had made fresh new ones after I gorged down my meal, and I must say I was a wee bit disappointed. Nonetheless, I will come back to try the pasta, since my food buddies said the pasta is delicious. Hot Slices, see you another day!"
	: "I cannot say enough good about Dr. McDowell.  She is competent, caring, gentle with the animals and shows genuine concern about their stress and discomfort.  Yesterday when working on my rabbits jaw abcess she had to stop a couple of times and just let him be a rabbit, as she put it.  He was gettin anxious and uncomfortable being on his back.  She didn't didn't run a bunch of diagnostic blood tests on a 12 year old rabbit who is doing fine but was in for a checkup (primarily to check teeth to avoid problems).  I appreciate that she has squeezed in my pets into an already busy schedule because they are sick.  She provides excellent care at reasonable prices and they do their best to either see your pet quickly or will refer you to an emergency hospital."
	: "Be careful when opening your accounts here. \n\nI had set up a joint checking account with an automatic savings transfer and the money was being accidentally sent to another random customer. \n\nWhen I got this fixed, I was getting monthly service fees on two accounts of which I was told I would not be getting any service fees as long as I had a transfer of money to my savings account each month. Wells Fargo said my money would be returned on the next business day. Nope.\n\nAfter: \n- 1 week\n- 3 follow up calls I made\n- being told to come into the branch to get this fixed (uh, I've got exams!)\n- ..and another call to a manager (who didn't seem very nice on the phone with her tone of voice) I'm hopefully getting my monthly service fees returned.\n\nNot that I have much money being transferred around, but I'm in college, and getting hit with 'service fees' when I was told I wasn't going to have any 'service fees' adds up ($25 here, $5 here, $10 here - it adds up over the course of time. Plus, interest on savings are less if you add all the charges up for a year when service fees are taking money away from the savings.). \n\nAlso, it doesn't help that money from my checking was originally being routed to some random customer. Dude, seriously - there should be some kind of system to ensure this doesn't happen! The bank has what I need (checkings, savings, joint account) but I wish they had better follow up/customer service after sending my money to a random account and then charging me fees and not following up on their error. \n\nRead your statements carefully!"
	: "When I wanted to commit to self-care and begin yoga, I picked this place and am so grateful. The studio, unlike others, is smaller and has this peaceful, therapeutic sense to it. Everytime I go, I feel better afterwards. I am comfortable there, and the teachers modify the poses/class to his/her students. There are props available and personal massage touches during the class and near the end. The staff is also friendly. In general, love the place and I never feel judged by my level or appearance when I go. What more can one ask for when participating in needed self-care!"
	: "Eclectic pizza & salad offerings, but very slow service even though very few customers on a Tuesday evening."
	: "I really liked Hungry Mother.  I read all the reviews and tried the beef tongue, shrimp and grits, the chicken and the steak.  It was all really good and we left really full!   The service was really good too.  However, I am not sure if it really had the WOW factor.  I only gave it 4 stars, instead of three, because I was really in the mood for a Reisling and they didn't have any but the waitress suggested the Vouvray, and it was perfect! I think that I may have held it to a higher standard bacause everyone gave it 5 stars and described the food with passion....."
	: "Never knew this place existed until we were given a gift cert for it.  This place is a fairly overpriced steak house seemingly stuck in the early 80's. \nThe french onion soup was the worst I have ever had, the onions weren't cooked and got a good amount of onion skin too, plus no toasted bead with swiss, therefore, not French onion-fools! I got the ribs which were actually pretty good, flavor infused and scored for easy cutting.  The BBQ sauce was a bit lacking, so I skipped it.  The garlic mashed potatoes are pretty good, tho a bit salty.  My \"date\" got the filet, which was very well cooked (med-rare) but flavor was nothing spectacular, but still good.  We both really liked the rolls too. \nThe service was good, we had like 3 water boys filling us up after every other drink and quite the perky waitress. Oh, and the mints at the door were good,  cinnamon, and luckily not stale!"
	: "It is true, as many other reviews state, that service can be slow.  And that depending on who happens to be in the store on any given day, there can be confusion about the state of progress (maybe there has been recent personnel hiring or turnover).  But these should be considered minor tests of patience in return for getting service that will be comprehensive, intelligent, and thoroughly explained with honesty even when it turns out that the customer is getting irritated and/or is ignorant on some important point.  If you have a problem, just ask for Tyler."
	: "I have gone here two times when I needed to pick up a check at Cornell's payroll office next door. I'm not in east hill plaza often but I have heard good things about Ling Ling so I figured it was worth a try.\n\nOn my first visit I ordered chicken and broccoli for takeout with hot and sour soup. The broccoli was horribly overcooked and mushy. The soup was relatively thin, a refreshing positive compared to the cornstarchy stuff served at most places, but the flavor was a bit too sour and not hot at all. The next time I ordered one of their generic fried dishes with sweet sauce (maybe general Tso's or orange chicken). It was the typical Americanized Chinese fair. Way too sweet and not crispy enough, the chicken was a bit soggy.\n\nOne big plus though is that their takeout containers are very nice. So nice you could reuse them if you want. But that's about the only thing positive I can say about this place. I would give it one star but it is edible and considering there is no really good strictly Chinese place in Ithaca, its not like I can recommend an alternative."
	: "Pretty freakin' good. Here you can get the closest thing in Westwood to a California burrito (my FAVORITE, but that's another story).\n\nGot a veggie wrap but of course it being Fat Sal's, it wasn't exactly what I would call healthy as it was stuffed with oily delicious fries. Eating vegetarian never tasted sooo good! \n\nQuick, fast, greasy food to stuff your face with. Your tastebuds will thank you for it!\n\nRandom trivia fact: One of Fat Sal's co-founders is none other than the actor who plays Turtle from Entourage!"
	: "Pampas is pretty good, no replacement for the excellent Brazilian places in Dallas however.  I have been spoiled by having some great Brazilian food all over the country.  Pampas is good but with less variety (yep, less variety) and a little on the salty side, as others have noted.  I would try it again because there are so few places like this in the area.   Pampas pales in comparison to the great Brazilian steakhouses, but is not a bad choice for a night out with the guys or for a really hungry date!   I have heard that a new Brazilian steakhouse just opened in downtown San Jose so I'll have to check it out."
	: "I have been seeing Dr. Anfang off and on over many years. Her superb chiropractic knowledge, compassion and skill have saved my neck (and back) over and over. Unlike other doctors' offices, Anfang Chiropractic never keeps me waiting for my appointments and is always able to work with my schedule. Kathy is friendly and efficient and makes going there a pleasure. But best of all is knowing that I will always get the very best care and an interested, involved and highly skilled practitioner. Plus, she loves my corny jokes."
	: "This place is already a huge hit.  I waited in a long line out the door for a while.  You are getting fresh quality ingredients for such a cheap price.  I was shocked to see other yelpers complaining about this pizza.  If they didn't notice, there is a sign before you hit the order counter explaining that this is Neapolitan style pizza and it will be softer in the middle.  Hello UCLA students?\n\nIf you end up just getting a cheese pizza, you are only paying $6!!!!  For a what I would consider a whole medium sized pizza.  Where else are you going to find that other than Little Caesars?  So jealous of Westwood."
	: "It's hard to summarize all of the food trucks in one review, so I had to go with a middle-of-the-road 3 stars.  Falafel?  Fantastic.  Salmonella in a bowl?  Not as awesome.  Honestly, though, I have never had a terrible experience (no food poisoning) with the food trucks, and you get a heck of a lot of food for very little money.  If you're that skeezed out by food prep, a bunch of the trucks have the food prep done right in front of you so you can make sure they're not slipping you a contaminated burrito."
	: "I've only been here for dessert and wine.  It's a great place to bring a date. Very romantic.  Nice presentation.  I remember the desserts tasting pretty good.  Not the most out-of-this-world plate.. but not bad.\n\nThe only thing I'm not a fan of is.. the high prices for something like dessert.  So.. I guess for me, this place would only be for special occasions."
	: "I have driven past this place for a year and a half always saying we should stop and check it out.  My mother recomended it so we gave it a try.  I have to say I can't wait to go back.  The buffalo burger is awesome, quite a tasty animal no wonder they killed 99.9% of them (j/k).  My dinner companion got a chicken sandwich and liked it very much.  Seating is a little odd on the inside may take a while to get service but its a great place."
	: "This place is a gem.  It looks like a tiny corner convenience/liquor store, and I suppose it is this--but it's also a repository for a vast array of artisan beers from around the world, carrying everything from the best of the seasonal Great Lakes brews to Trappist ales to American craft brews from many of the major breweries.  This place seems to stock pretty good stuff.  It's selection is great, but not absolutely exhaustive, but it seems to have a staff that picks out good stuff.\n\nPrices are pretty reasonable given the convenience: this isn't the cheapest place to get beer but it doesn't gouge you either: you're paying for the variety and convenience.\n\nThe people who work here are also very friendly and knowledgeable and very willing to help you out if you ask them questions.\n\nI love this place, and it makes me wish I lived right around the corner.  If you do, lucky you!  :-)"
	: "what a genius idea - kings hawaiian bread for hot dog or hamburger buns!!!!\n\nthis place beats puka dog (in hawaii) and berkley dog for flavor, creativity, and atmosphere!\n\nfor the vegetarians, their veggie dogs are long enough to hang off the sides of the buns!!! i had it soooocali style and loved it so much, i might not get to try all the other combinations!\n\nthe sig other had the fonz and gave it 5 yelp stars!\n\nother cool stuff\n- they have bottled mexican coke and fanta, and yoohoo\n- they make a sweetcorn/bacon milk shake - not for me, but sounds like something fun to try\n- they make some good quality crispy (and not soggy) tater tots - they sweet potato tots i might have to try one day\n-cool tipping jar says \"not for cows\" =)\n\nthank you yelp for another great recommendation!"
	: "Staff friendly and accommodating, but two mistakes made with our order. We ate a side as a dessert because they forgot it, yet still brought it just before the check. A bit expensive, even for a Palo Alto, esp since in a strip mall across from the high school.  Quality of ingredients high, but preparation fair to poor: wood fired pizza wasn't crispy enough, tagliatelle with greens and lemon was drenched in lemon juice, pasta was very tough, and the escarole strangely tasted like brussel sprouts.  Medium well burger, $13, was charred, about 1/3 inedible."
	: "I have a problem with Geoff's.  \n\nThe problem is that I have been going there since about 1975. So I am admittedly trapped in a time warp as far as this place goes. In that time, there have been a lot of changes but the core experience remains... a unique space, with good food, great variety and value, served up by this decade's crop of Brown/RISDI stoners.  \n\nBut for a geyser like me, it is hard to not think back to the times when it was new, totally different and a local novelty.\n\nIn the early years, the portions were enormous... a half pound of meat. Not Carnegie Deli, mind you, but pretty substantial. Somewhere along the way, economics took over.  They started to offer full (8 oz) and half orders (4 oz). In recent years, seems like the 1/2 order option became the full order norm. Just seems a bit skimpy. But I guess that's how you keep the sandwiches under $10.\n\nOn the plus side, the new generation of help is friendlier and more..well... helpful.  Back in the day, they'd scream at you, make fun of you to your face and hit on your girlfriend.  I never saw the charm in that.\n\nAnd in spite of my portion peeve, the freshness of the food, variety of selection and \"build your own\" options continue to bring me back.\n\nNow a word of advise.  \n\nGeoff's was not put on this earth to purvey veggie-sprout-hummus fare.  I know its healthy and I know its better for the cattle.  But its boring.  \n\nGeoff's \"raison d'etre\" is to provide the experience of piping hot bologna and melted Swiss cheese grease running down your forearms.  Get your butt in there and order a triple meat anything.. melt some gooey cheese on it.. load it up with Shedd's and russian dressing and grab 50 napkins and a pickle.\n\nOnly then shall ye know the truth."
	: "Salads, Brunch and wonderful ambiance great place to eat"
	: "Guess what?  I am back on the b.good wagon and I am happy!  They have the BEST chocolate milkshakes around.  COLD, frosty, so perfect to sip or gulp on a hot day like today.  The man who makes the smoothies and he also makes the salads is always so quick and efficient and makes a damn good milkshake.  \n\nI get the frozen yogurt in my milkshake, makes me feel less guilty about getting this sugary goodness."
	: "Hands down, the best place to have drinks for the sake of having the best drinks.    This is one of those bars where you shake your bartender's hand, exchange names and get service that's as good as the cocktails.  And if you don't know what you want, you are in expert hands.  Every drink I've asked the guys to make, by just giving them a rough description of what I'm looking for, has been spot on.\n\nThey have the largest selection of liquor that I've seen in the Chapel Hill area and well beyond.  Sounds odd, but their ice is great, the cherries are delicious and they make their own tonic.  Bartenders wear bowties and the wood-paneled decor rounds out their modern day Cheers vibe.  \"The Crunk\".  I love it."
	: "Bowbarr is a pretty cool bar.  It's not too loud, and has lots of places to (comfortably) sit.  The decor looks custom made and fits the space well (except for the dining room table in the back, weird).  Love the multi-colored glass light bulbs around the bar which keep the space lit but still lend a lot to the ambiance.  Tasty drink specials like michelada, sangria, a lemony vodka thing, and the ubiquitous (in Carrboro at least) dark & stormy.  I was paying too much attention to the people I was with to fully notice the crowd, but no one seemed lame, mean, or creepy.\n\nMembers only, membership is $5, and a plus-- the membership cards are the coolest around.  A minus-- only one bathroom."
	: "The Laughing Skull Lounge is a tiny comedy club located inside the Vortex Midtown.  To get inside the lounge, you have to enter the Vortex, walk through the dining area and back into the restroom hallway.  At the end of that narrow hallway is where the entrance to the lounge is.  Strange, but that's how it works.\n\nI went to the Laughing Skull Lounge twice to watch a friend perform some of his first ever stand-up comedy routines.  Tuesday and Wednesday nights are \"Open Mic\" nights at the lounge.  Doors open at 7:45pm and shows start at 8pm or shortly thereafter.  Tickets are $10 each and the show lasts 2 to 2.5 hours.\n\nOpen Mic nights are nights when a bunch of comedians sign up and perform roughly 5-minute acts on stage.  Most of the comics are amateurs and are getting into stand-up for their first time.  If you attend an Open Mic night, more than likely you will see several comics' performing for their first time on stage.  Because of this, you may witness some poor souls bomb.\n\nThe nights I went, there were 13 to 15 comics plus the host.  The host was pretty good and interjected humor between each act.  Our crowds were lucky as almost all of the acts were funny, though there were definitely a few bombs and WTF acts.  Be prepared because anything goes.  There were plenty of vulgar and highly offensive jokes to go around.\n\nAs mentioned previously, the lounge is tiny.  The room seats only 74 and everyone is nestled closely together.  The front row, which I think may be reserved for \"VIPs\" only, has a few small tables to set your drinks on.  The other rows consist of small, neatly arranged wooden chairs.  The back of the room is where the bar is, as well as a few staggered benches.\n\nThere is a two drink minimum (loosely enforced) and the drinks are strong.  No food is served, so if you plan to eat, plan to grab your meal before or after the show.  The Vortex next door being the most obvious choice for pre or post-gaming.\n\nStreet parking and various pay lots and parking decks are located close to the club.  Laughing Skull recommends parking in the AmeriPark lot across the street, which costs $5.  It's the most convenient lot."
	: "Been living here for about 2 years. \nPros: cheap and HELLA close to Cal, has a game room, jacuzzi, bball courts, a garden, hammocks! \nCons: it always looks dirty, and even though its a co-op, the unity that other co-ops have isnt there. \nBut if your budget is tight, come live at rochdale and u'll do ok!"
	: "Grass is very clean and in good condition.\nGroomed very well, which is a major plus at a park.\nIn a good area, so not too sketchy.\nVery wide open but with trees so always shade, but open enough to play football or soccer or whatever sport.\nEasy parking and very pretty."
	: "my favorite pizza joint. love the sauce, love the dough, love the toppings. Especially the sausage and mushroom. The mushroom is the best tasting mushroom on a pizza that I have ever had. Maybe it has something to do with the fact that they put the mushrooms on part way through the cooking process so that it is not burned? love it!"
	: "The service was fine. The ceviche was good but did not find the chips all that great. Fries were ok. Mushroom burger was lacking in mushrooms, basically a burger. My fianc\u00e9e ordered a steak medium done and was a bit dry. This place would not be my first choice for food. The atmosphere is cool."
	: "We came here for the first time last week with my aunt. she got the beef noodle bowl and rated it 'ok'. My husband and i got the Tom Yum Hot Pot for two - it comes with an open flame and a tray of veggies and raw meat that you cook in the broth yourself! it was pretty fun, and tasty too. service was good, staff polite and attentive. pleasant casual ambience, nice atmosphere."
	: "They make the best sandwiches in CP. Their salads taste wonderful too. You can't miss it on your way to school. It's also not ghetto like Subway (or most things in the area)."
	: "have been here several times and was always pleased, most recently during the oktoberfest celebration in harvard square, beer was very good (the spiced ale) burger was excelent and the buffalo chicken salad very good (though it might have been a little too spicy for some), service was pleasant and quick, so over all we were very pleased"
	: "Without a doubt, the best farmers market I've ever been to in the US. The variety of items available is almost overwhelming--I always buy more than I've planned to. And the quality is excellent. Love talking to the vendors, who will gladly give you hints on how to store and prepare a produce item you've never used before. And wandering the stalls is such a pleasure--the smells, the beautiful piles of fruits and vegetables.\n\nWe are so lucky to have this market!"
	: "Tasty tacos!  Mucho picante for all who are not afraid of the heat.  Place is always packed.  They squeeze everyone into tiny tables.  Small price to pay for some well needed Mexican flair in the UPW hood.  Margheritas pack a punch.  So many types of tequilas.  Only sip the best.  Fun vibe with the lucha libre pics throughout.  Outdoor space if you don't want the cramped style inside.  Will mos def go back and explore more of the menu.  Buen provecho!"
	: "The Village Cheese House is so quirky and great! You'll find plenty of unique European foods. I was thrilled to find De Ruijter sprinkles, which come in chocolate and other sugary flavors, and are great on buttered bread. Our Dutch neighbors brought them from Holland, and it was cool to see that we have them in Palo Alto too now! \n\nI haven't ever bought any cheese or sandwiches or deli items at this store, which is what it is known for...but I love looking around at everything and buying exotic candy!"
	: "The last time I came here, they took forever to get my order to me, and the waitress was dismissive whenever I asked when I would get my food.  The hostess was kinder to me about finding out where my food was and another worker (not sure what he was... worked in the back, dish washer?) even refilled my tea for me.  The waitress was not doing her job.  On top of that, the fish was disgusting.  It tasted like fridge.  I guess I had forgotten what I wrote in my previous review.  But if you call yourself a sushi place... I should be able to order sushi that is edible.  I would never come back here."
	: "The taste is different from the genuine.\nFirst, every foods I tried are too sweet.\nSecond, the genuine is more spicy.\nThird, the genuine uses more kind of ingredients."
	: "I like to swing by this place after having dinner on first street (wherever it happens to be that I have dinner depending on the night) and have a few drinks and listen to some good jazz music."
	: "Love this place for lunch! The price for lunch is reasonable and if you carry out you get two bowls to put in a container, which easily lasts you two meals."
	: "Oh Diddy Riese, my def pick me up after taking midterms/finals.. Lines get crazy on peak hours, but 1.50 for an ice cream sandwich or 5 bucks for a dozen cookies.... dude that's a really good deal. A week or two later, it's still edible! lol btw this place is cash only too. If you have family/friends visiting, this is absolutely one of those spots that you HAVE to take them to. :) I always bring a dozen home for my mom and baby sister who gobble them up in one sitting.\n\n\nMy forever favorite is the one and only chocolate white chocolate chip cookies. with strawberry cheesecake ice cream. Mmmmmm. that and the basic chocolate chip. I'm not a fan of nuts in my cookies, but everyone else I know digs the white chocolate macadamia nut cookie!"
	: "Not my favorite Bonchon, but probably because it has only recently opened up.\n\nA few issues:\n1) Went there on a Saturday night and it was crowded! Found some friends there and swapped their seats to avoid waiting half an hour or more in line. \n2) Service is pretty slow. Maybe this is because it was so busy that day (I think the entire Korean Association of Harvard was taking up half the room), but it took 20 minutes to get our first order of food. \n3) No alcohol.... I'll come back when they get that liquor license!\n4) Ventilation issues, the room became extremely smokey with everyone's smokey grilling\n\nOtherwise the food was good, on par with Bonchon Allston, though fewer offerings. But really, everyone's just there for the chicken, right? The grill was good too; kalbi for cheap... mnn yum!"
	: "Andy has tailored and re-styled multiple sport coats, suits and pants for me during the past two years.  He has a keen sense of style, is meticulous in his work and is extremely reliable.  His prices are reasonable, and work is ready when promised.  I believe Andy is a tailor's tailor and can handle virtually any tailoring problem with any fabric or material.  I would recommend him to any one."
	: "This is a great place for burgers, but you don't have to settle for beef!  There must be twenty different ways that they'll put one together for you, and you can choose from beef, veggie, black bean, ostrich, bison, and maybe a few more.  The tots and salads are great, too.\n  The decor is a bit overwhelming, with the biker-skeleton-boobs motif in high gear.  But if you dig the place's attitude, you'll love it.  The staff is very friendly if you are.  The drink selection is way above average, and the customers are more interesting to chat with than at most local spots.  See you there!"
	: "This Wawa is packed because of its location, and thusly a little slow. I do find the staff a little rude and inefficient. Takes forever to get a hoagie in this place.\n\nHowever, they are the only Wawa I've encountered that offered mac and beef as a side. MAC AND BEEF. I drove around to a bunch of other Wawas on other days to try and find it, but to no avail. Even this Wawa, it seems, only had it for that one day.\n\nBRING BACK THE MAC AND BEEF."
	: "When I first went in here years ago, I thought I was just at a party where the DJ spins nothing but Bjork.\n\nIn actuality, this museum is great. It's a great conversation museum with art installations that typically contrast the photography, etc. It's got a clean, hip, uncensored way about it. \n\nJust writing this review reminds me that I need to go back... it's cheap too."
	: "First time I did the breakfast brunch here, will also be the last time. Nothing horrible just limited menu that left me unsatisfied. I don't mind this place for a pre-game bar or a casual drink but it is way too dark and ominous for a breakfast place"
	: "Poor Food, Mediocre Service, Probably Ain't Going Back.\n\nThe Good - The cornbread is pretty good and comes straight out of the oven, though I have had better.  Tasted the New York steak which was good, but not as good as I thought for the same owners at the Arroyo Chophouse.  The steak is better than Houstons, but I'd rather go to Madeleines or Ruths Chris at these prices.  The Newcastle beer comes straight from a bottle - cannot mess that one up.\n\nThe Bad - The Short Ribs Osso Bucco style looked way better than they were.  I was not enjoying any of this, except a few bites of the mashed potatoes and baby carrots.  It lacked flavor and what flavor it did have was gross (BTW - their steak sauce is also very yukkky!).\n\nThe crispy Ahi appetizer was also terrible.  Maybe, it was because you do not order fish on a Sunday.  The spicy dipping sauce and lime helped hide the terrible cuts of fish.\n\nThe Mediocre - The service was a little slow because our waiter was working 1/3 of the room (maybe an exaggeration, but felt like it).  Luckily, one of the hostesses helped out.  We were there early so they told us we would have to wait 5-10 minutes for a table inside (it was 1/4 full at the time).  After 10 minutes, they showed us to one of 2 dozen empty tables --- Why the Wait?????????\n\nI remember having a great burger about 2 years ago here, but I don't think the food is even close today.  Would have got one star, but our waiter gave us the cornbread complimentary.  My words, \"that was a total waste of money.\"\n\nHow it remains so busy, I do not know...."
	: "The finest asiago bagel I've ever had. I know the north east boasts the best in all things bagels (something in the water?). I've had my share of bagels from that side of the land and they are indeed the best. BUT my statement stands as such. For an asiago, Ann Arbor's Bruegger's is on top.\n\nOk it is possible that the one bagel that I had was a rare jewel and it was just a one time thing. But it's good enough to convince me that I'll be going back for another chance at asiago perfection."
	: "This cupcake shop is actually inside the Coldstone's Creamery. At first, I though Coldstone's decided to sell cupcakes, but I think the two businesses just share the venue. We went to Coldstone's for dessert and decided to get some cupcakes, too. It was after dinner, so they had these last-chance specials - 2 for $3. Normally, each cupcake is $2.50, so the late-night prices are quite a steal. I got the red velvet one and Alex A. got the dulce de leche one. They all had very cute names, but I've forgotten them! I think for day-old cupcakes (assuming they were made that morning), they were pretty good. They were regular-sized - not like the giant cupcakes that's trending around California. It wasn't too sweet, but they still had a hefty dollop of icing on top that really added to the flavor of the cupcake. They even sell milk for $0.50. Overall, it's a pretty cute cupcake stand and definitely something to check out if you're in the mood for sweets!"
	: "End the hype. Its a messy place, with nearly illegally-steep stairs that lead to a first heavily cluttered floor and an attic like second floor!\n\nLiquor is not high quality either!"
	: "So, I'm creating a yelp list on the good, the bad and the ugly on drive thrus.  \n\nThis is the closest Mickie D's to my office.  Even though it's right smack in the middle of college students and the capitol complex, I believe it's one of the fastest Mickie D's in Austin.  During morning rush hour, there's always a line in the drive thru.  However, I timed it to be a 4 minute waiting process to order, pay, get my food, and get out of dodge.\n\n4 stars on service...."
	: "Went to Napa Valley Grille with my Boyfriend the other day and everything wad delight full! We had great drinks, a nice appetizer, I had the Lamb, he has the sirloin. It was very tasty, the service could of been a little quicker, but there new here so we gave them a break.\n\nI would totally come back!"
	: "This place is the pits--the rudest people ever!  The little sister, or whoever she is, is so rude when she waits on you, you'll want to walk out.  NONE OF THEM ever say thank you when you pay and are unfriendly--the food itself has gone way down, not that it was all that great to begin with.  Better check and make sure they put cheese on your sub--last two times, they did not on mine.  Is it really worth shorting the customer the cheese to make a few measly bucks.  Even Subway has better food.  I will never give Sottini's another dime."
	: "Date: 4/29/12\nNumber of people: 2\nMust know: Everyone comes here for the pad thai! Or so I heard. \n\nThis place is great for college students. I go to UT Austin and live 5 minutes from this place. The only thing I get from here every time is the chicken pad thai. I have tried pad thai from various places in austin but this is my favorite place to go.\n\nMeal: Seated immediately. I placed my order as soon as I sat down. I don't even need to look at the menu anymore. Pad thai was great. Very flavorful.\n\nOverall: I hate to admit but I eat here almost every week. It's too good!"
	: "This place is great! I had to get an eye exam and found this place after calling around, best price for an eye exam hands down! Also the prices for contacts here are the cheapest, I used to get my acuvues for 30 a box at Providence Place but this place only charges 21."
	: "After wandering around Westwood on Saturday night trying to find a decent restaurant, my hubby and I landed upon Tanino.  We checked out the menu outside and thought we'd give it a try.  I'm so glad we did!   Since there were a few bar stools open, we decided to just eat there instead of waiting 20 minutes for a table.  We were kind of pressed for time so we just had soup, salad and desert - all of which were really good.  The desert, an apple tart, was amazing!  I can't wait to go back and try some of their entrees.   My only complaint was my cosmo was almost strait booze!  Now, some of you folks might not mind that, but I had to ask for some more cranberry to mellow it out.  All in all, a lovely, romantic place!  Will definitely be going back."
	: "Decent burritos; I've tried the Burrito Grande which is pretty much just rice, beans, and your choice of meat and the California Burrito, coming with carne asada, french fries, pico de gallo, cheese and sour cream. \n\nThe Burrito Grande is pretty good, nothing special although it is quite big: you will not be able to finish it unless you're starving. The California Burrito was pretty disappointing. There was very little sour cream, not enough carne asada, and both the fries and pico de gallo tasted a little funky. For almost $10 a piece, you can find better burritos, if a little smaller, at Chipotle.\n\nIn regards to the sides, the chips are alright, kind-of stale and the salsa is very mild. Even though its probably written in a law somewhere that all Mexican restaurants must carry Corona and Jarritos, you have to love having these delicious beverages to wash down your pretty good if somewhat bland food.\n\nAll-in-all, a decent restaurant that will continue to get some of my dollars since they're just down the street, the owner is nice, and the sizable heft of their burritos."
	: "calamari with korean hot sauce and blue cheese fries is something kind of special."
	: "Great pizza, great price, great environment. I am not rating on wether this is the BEST pizza in LA but it deserves 5 stars for Taste, ambiance, stafff, price and overall goodness."
	: "The service isn't that great here, but they have the best egg salad sandwich i ever had. Also, add a pistachio macaron to your meal.  \nThe salted caramel, hazelnut and passion fruit macarons are OK."
	: "I've been to Dr. Walker's office twice now.\n\nThe first visit was for a regular cleaning, which was fantastic. My hygienist (Katie? I'm not sure what her name was) was AWESOME--funny, informative, honest. Walker Dental has digital x-rays, which may seem standard to some people but which was brand new to me! I was so happy to have had such an easy experience after all those years of horrible gag-inducing x-rays! Plus with the digital ones, you can see the results immediately and there's no risk (no lead apron needed, although she put it on because most patients ask for it out of habit!). They also have a spiffy 360 x-ray machine that shows your wisdom teeth, if you have any. The hygienist explained everything she was looking at in my x-rays in minute detail to me, which was both interesting and helpful. Like I said, getting my teeth cleaned was great, and the receptionist, Danielle, is FANTASTIC. She is so sweet and understanding!\n\nI gave 4 stars instead of 5 because of Dr. Walker himself. He's a nice guy and he's really chill, but I think perhaps he's a bit TOO chill and a bit presumptuous, in that he assumed I knew all kinds of things and made me go out of my way to ask questions (or, when I forgot, to Google things at home later)! I liked him at first, when he didn't recommend that I get my wisdom teeth taken out unless I absolutely needed to, which I don't. I liked that--no surgery for me unless it's 100% necessary, thank you! And I hate those dentists who just recommend it no matter what. He was nice and friendly enough, and I didn't think twice about it.\n\nBut my second visit was for a cavity filling. It was my FIRST ever cavity, so I was nervous as all get out and had no idea what to expect. He didn't tell me ANYthing preceding the appointment, and I had to call and email a number of times just to get him to tell me some basics, like what to expect if A happens or what to expect if B happens. Then, after the actual filling (which turned out to be painless), he didn't tell me if I could eat, drink, brush my teeth, etc. I had to look it up online to find out what kind of filling I'd gotten (I was able to figure out that I'd gotten a white composite filling because he used a blue light) and therefore to figure out what I was allowed to do!\n\nI would like to say, though, that during the actual filling, Dr. Walker was great. He told me step by step what he was doing, reassured me every few minutes because I was nervous, and seemed very sure of himself (which is a good thing when someone is drilling into your tooth!).\n\nOverall, I really enjoyed my experience at Walker Dental. I would definitely recommend them, especially given the horror stories I've heard elsewhere. Be prepared to ask your own questions if you want information out of the dentist himself, but everything else about this place was great.\n\nAlso, as a side note, if you recommend a friend, they give you a $50 credit-- a nice bonus! You can use it toward toothbrushes, teeth whitening stuff, or bills."
	: "chicken is delicious and portions are absolutely generous- i don't think this is the best peruvian chicken i've had, but its up there. something as mediocre as steamed rice is also exceptionally delicious for whatever reason. I've been here twice and I definitely suggest you come right when they're pulling the chicken off the spits because it makes a world of difference. The only qualm I have is that the yucca fries are eeeeehhhhhh because when they're cold they're like cardboard. I can't wait to try their other dishes!"
	: "I have visited many comic book shops over the years but Vault of Midnight takes the cake.  They have a large selection of graphic novels, comics, figurines and cute toys.  I bought a model Enterprise here.  Even the stairwell is packed with goodies.\n\nIf you have any questions the staff is very friendly and REALLY know their stuff. Being a block away from where I work, I have to try hard to avoid this place come payday or I'd blow it all in here."
	: "this is an all around great place. first of all it crosses many borders, it's a grocery, it's a restaurant, it's a place to congregate, socialize, read, hangout. everyone who comes here can create their own unique vision about foster's which is why i like it so much. the food is fresh and they have a wide variety of choices."
	: "Country View Diner - Service was fast, food was hot.  Service wasn't friendly just fast.  Food was hot but eggs were overlooked setting on grill taste fair at best.  Cleanliness poor lots of entails not being maintained.  1 to 5 rating quality 2, service 3, cleanliness 2 & value 3.  Would not recommend."
	: "I've tried every sushi place in and near Ann Arbor, and In terms of best bang-for-the-buck, Sadako takes it away. \n\nI always go for the eel-with-avocado and salmon rolls. The eel bbq sauce is outstanding and the avocados are always soft and tasty. The salmon is fresh and served in large portions. \n\nAnd, worth mentioning, the prices are very reasonable."
	: "Being that I went to Cal for college, it's a little surprising that I didn't see my first concert at the Greek until 2 or 3 years after graduation.  The Greek is just a marvelous place so full of history and great architechture. It also gives you a bit of the big venue vibe, but without the big venue view.  When the sun sets and the stars come out both musically and galactically speaking, there really is no other place like it.  The giant stadium style seats and steps on the outer part of the pit makes it so that unless you have Yao Ming in front of you, you'll likely have a pretty decent view of the stage.  The acoustics are suprisingly good for an open space this size.  It's simply one of those venues that one has to check out for themselves because my words don't do it justice."
	: "This is a top notch little coffeeshop. It's on the other side of the building that holds Au Bon Pain and the Cambridge Trust. They are new, and still working out the kinks but their coffee is kick-ass, they have great egg sandwiches and popovers, and the vegan BLT sandwich for lunch is delicious. That is all that I have tried so far. It is odd that they have both vegan food and nonvegan but seems like a smart idea. They have a lot of space and aesthetically it is pretty boring (lots of cement, modern, minimalist) but this makes it kind of ideal as a place to stay a long time and work on your laptop without distractions. My only complaint is that they are often not ready to serve lunch at 11 am, which is the time they officially switch from breakfast to lunch and the time that I am usually there wanting lunch."
	: "OK - well i guess it depends on who you talk to and how long its been since they been near one of their parents....OK OK that's just too mean.  But yes you can get good advice and good service.  And their act seems to be more together lately.  \n\nBut yes it is quite oriented toward the student clientel so be so warned.  And yes, Sir Lackasaisical N. probably had a real true experience like that.  If you ride a bike for more than say 5 miles at a stretch (yes not everyone commutes from Davis to Back Bay) and use GEARS (OMG!) to climb hills which exist (when you leave the city!) then you may be seen as from the dark side.  \n\nI swear to you, oh keepers of the fixie, we are worthy and when we wear spandex is only to minimize chafing o' the parts when we ride 40+ miles and we don't feel that our people have done any wrong to deserve our lot in life, whence upon entering we admiit as much....\n\nBut I know they mean well."
	: "1st and foremost vegetarians beware...Like other Yelpers we went with LivingSocial coupon for the Indulgence for two.  The 1st portion was superb - REAL fondue; CHEESE.  Then we were asked to select 4 entree items.  Only two are good for a vegetarian - the shrimp & scallops and then the chicken.  Interestingly the menu does state shrimp AND scallops however you only get one or the other.  We asked if we could order veges for our other two entrees...Get this - they want to charge you the same price for shrimp/beef or another entree for 8 (yes 8) mushrooms.  We had also ordered carrots but once the waitress told us the carrots count as one entree and the mushrooms count as another entree (#3 & #4) i said forget it.  I ordered the beef.  I gave my friend who is the vegetarian my two shrimp (so she got a total of 4) and she gave me her beef.  I find the whole experience of dipping your chicken, shrimp and mushrooms pretty gross when you also have beef.  I waited until my friend dipped/cooked all of her vegetarian portions before i put my beef in.  Honestly pretty disgusting to boil beef in vegetable broth if you think about it.  Very annoyed that they couldn't have offered us more shrimp or chicken for an entree vs. just vegetables.  Apparently the LS coupons don't allow for substitutions because what would've been better is to order another cheese fondue which is basically the same price as each of the entrees.  \n\nI also find it interesting that Nicole G (yelper) was able to get the Trio for dessert as we were told specifically by our waitress that item and the make your own dessert (???) were excluded from the LS deal...Seems different rules apply when using these types of coupons.  We feel we learned a good lesson; but thankfully it wasn't an expensive lesson (i.e. we only paid $55 vs. $110 for this deal).\n\nI would NEVER go back or recommend this place."
	: "you know those dark, kind of spicy fries that are usually curly or crinkled? and you know how they're so so so good, but wouldn't they be better as waffle fries? i've thought this before. and my prayers have been answered. by southwell's. \n\ni have no idea where this place is, what the location looks like, no clue. all i know is you can phone in a cheeseburger and waffle fries and ten to fifteen minutes later your friends can walk in with the best french fries ever and a pretty damn tasty burger to go with them. & i hear the salads are good, but who cares? \n\nwaffle fries. spicy waffle fries. the end."
	: "No lemur...which is what I'm looking for.  But lots of cute toys and clothing.\nI did buy a very cute Peter Rabbit plush. And the person working there was very sweet and gave me suggestions for places to look for a lemur."
	: "i never really had good experiences with the people who worked here, maybe that changed recently.\n\ngood food."
	: "First you wait in line somewhat like a cafeteria style to order your pizza etc. Now in a just a few minutes you get your pizza (ala 800 degree oven) . The problem is when it does not bake for long enough at any temperature all your toppings fall off when you try to pick up a slice. The prices are fair and the quality of toppings are pretty good as well, It is a hectic situation going thru the process to get a pizza then it is hard to eat it."
	: "Front Desk 4\nAmenities 3\nRoom 3\n\nThe hotel looks nicer from the driveway than from the parking lot. Small bathrooms, noisy parking lot and key cards that don't always work.  NO onsite washer or dryer!  We were there for a two night stay. Nice pool and whirlpool. Very nice gym. \n\nClose to UCSD and to a couple of shopping malls. \n\nIt's not unusual that the hotel offers guests a \"green\" option to decline fresh sheets and towels every day, but it IS unusual that they offer you a $5 amenities credit or 500 Starwood Preferred Guest points if you decline. \n\nFront desk staff is very patient and efficient. There are signs pointing out the concierge, but this property really DOESN'T have one. Each front desk staff tries to answer guest questions."
	: "Definitely nice people who own the place and the owner is amazing with remembering people's first names! I like the coffee and the decor of the place!"
	: "The Dog & Duck gets a solid 4 stars from me. It really is an American pub that has some British/Scottish/Irish food on their menu. The food is decent but I believe they have the best fish and chips in town. \nThe staff - many who have worked here for years are generally friendly and hustle when it is required of them. There is a large beer selection, but I find it to be on the expensive side compared to similar businesses in the area. There is a great jukebox that might surprise you when that song you haven't heard in ten years, begins to emerge from the speakers. \nThere is a nice deck and another patio on the side of the pub. It's always a good place to meet up with friends for a pint."
	: "Atmosphere is crummy (although not as much on a nice sunny day), but food is good.  I like it, and I like the salads a lot more than the CF chef's salad at Intermezzo (or whatever its called these days).  \n\nFries are really good.  \n\nA very solid 3 stars."
	: "R5 definitely has a DIY feel but Sean can get some GREAT acts up in here.  For example, Jonathan Richman playing the Church Sanctuary?? SO COOL.  (Henry Rollins doing spoken word there also AWESOME).  \n\nLoads of all ages shows that sometimes turn me away, but all in all R5 does a GREAT job getting important shows in Philly."
	: "Guess who got another bill? This time for a $75 early termination fee for our \"9 month contract\" which we didn't even have. We had a month-to-month plan specifically because our old lease on our old place was gonna be up in 4 months back then. Grrrrrrrrrrrr. \n\nI.HATE. AT&T. U-VERSE."
	: "Mehhh. I don't know about this place.  I was kind of excited to try it because of all the good reviews, one of them being my friends that I always enjoy eating with and have pretty similar tastes in.  \n\nThe only good thing about this place was that the na'an was fresh and I guess because I love watermelon and I ate a shit ton of them there.  \n\nEvery single curry that was there was wayyyyyy too watery for anyone's good.  I had to put rice under them just so it wouldn't spread and mix.  If I didn't, I'd probably have to put only one curry on one plate.  The flavors were so so as well.  The spinach one was missing something because normally it's my faveeee but I had one bite of it and just stopped.  \n\nThe chicken was pretty dry and flavorless as well.  I just took the drumsticks and dunked pieces of the chicken in curry.  \n\nOne star for the price, one star for the naan but I'll probably not go there again unless it's the only thing open. Now I'm on my way to kick my friend in the face for believing his review."
	: "Go directly to Luxe, do not stop. Insanely great burgers, apps, shakes and service. Excellent food and the menu will make you cry with options. Prices are beyond great. This is your first, last and in-between Providence eatery, period."
	: "Fantastic way to experience some of the greatest sites of LA without dealing with traffic.\n\nThis was my fifth year of participating in the Marathon/Bike Tour. They were all great experiences. The only downfall from this year was that the event was held on Memorial Day. From the time I can remember, it was held on the first Sunday in March. Luckily, I was free that weekend, so I was able to participate. But, I'm hoping they change it back to March, so Memorial Day can be saved for another adventure."
	: "After some less than desirable results with other MTM shops in NYC and online MTM shirts, I've had fantastic results with Bindle & Keep. I'm extremely pleased with the end product as well as the customer service both during and after the delivery has been outstanding. After purchasing one suit I went back for two more. \n\nOptions: Very good selection of fabrics at different price points as well as all the normal custom options.\n\nPrice: Reasonable. You can't expect to skimp on a MTM suit and get good results. B&K's prices are very reasonable for what you get (including free alterations).\n\nCustomer Service: Outstanding. Very attentive, responsive and fair. The whole experience with B&K was very \"personal\" and I felt like my business was important, no matter what I was purchasing. Thankfully I had no issues, but I'm confident that Daniel would work to promptly rectify any issues and would not rest until every customer is satisfied.\n\nThanks for the great suits!"
	: "When I'm in the area, I usually drop in a for quick \"dog\" bite... The price is right, and there are many dogs to choose from.\n\nI haven't been bitten by a bad one yet.\n\nI really can't think of anywhere else to go when I'm in the mood for a hot dog (although I do enjoy the ones at Costco---before they took away the kraut...)\n\nLove the kraut and all the other fixins at Top Dog!"
	: "I hardly need to add to the long list of good reviews, so I'll keep this short.\n\nPositives:\n\nAs a soon-to-be Pitt employee, I'm awfully glad that this place is just around the corner in Oakland.  Good menu of (I think) Thai and Burmese dishes.  Fantastic tea menu with a nice group-couch area up front seemingly for those who just want tea and conversation.  Nice art and furniture.  Well organized menu.  Lots of healthy items, and just about anything can be made vegetarian if that's your thing.  Very affordable; one person could easily do a filling lunch for ~$10 with a drink.  And prompt service with a smile.\n\nNegatives:\n\nMinor things, really.  The menu is a tad long, though admittedly, there are some interesting dishes that you don't normally see in a SE Asian restaurant.  The lighting is great if there's some sun in the sky, but was a bit too dim on a cloudy 2/10/2010.  My dish--the Garden Veggies with Sweet Ginger Sauce and tofu--tasted great, but was way too saucy.  More veggies, less sauce, would have made it perfect.  Lastly, it's unfortunately got a very unappealing facade, but don't judge this place by the cover.\n\nI plan to return and to recommend it highly to others."
	: "I don't really care for the cones here, but I do adore the birthday cake ice cream. It is the best I have ever had! Instead of the typical yellow cake, there is chocolate cake swirled in! Ginger is pretty tasty as well. The berry crumble was too sweet and was a disappointment."
	: "An often forgotten little Italian restaurant. There are only a few tables so it is very intimate. The food I have eaten here was decent but lacked the flavor I was expecting."
	: "Food is always great and fairly priced!"
	: "I came here for the first time today, and had a great shampoo and cut from Keana.  She was fantastic, and she kindly guided my posture the entire time, even when I was asleep most of the time, just like when I get a massage.   My cut was perfect afterwards, and my hair greatly appreciated the new change.\n\nThis place is very busy, with all stations full with clients, even in mid-afternoon.\n\nThe bowl of chocolates at the front desk was also helpful, as mentioned by another Yelper, especially since I arrived on a very light side.\n\nVery convenient place, right in front of the parking garage.  However, garage was getting quite full already with holiday shopping season already started."
	: "I miss this place. Wide selection of teas. Whenever I'm not in the mood for a coffee shop, I liked to stop by here when I was in town. It's a good alternative to your typical coffee joint.\n\nIt's a nice cozy place to read a book or hang out with a few friends."
	: "At first I loved the store like all the other people that have reviewed this. Mary was super nice and I would frequently visit the store. However this one time I bought a purse from the store that was slightly pricier than the other items; I loved the purse though and was excited about using it. But right when I got home I found out that the buckle on the purse had fell off, and the purse had basically fallen apart. I took it back to the store hoping that I could maybe do a return and get store credit. But no! Mary was a completely different person and assumed that I broke it and wanted money back even though I explained to her that the product was defective. I am pretty sure that she remembers me because I used to go there a lot and always praised her store. Her change in attitude really disappointed me and now I refuse to shop there. She is nice until something happens to your purchase..."
	: "I really like the food here, and I don't even eat meat! But I like the fries and the onion rings and the shakes! Can't go there very often but try go there whenever I'm in the area."
	: "Meh.\n\nThe Bites:\nI've been here a bunch of times, and I've never ordered anything I would order again.  Nothing was flagrantly bad, but nothing was that great either.  The food is decent fuel--reasonably priced and certainly won't leave you hungry--but it's far from worth going the least bit out of your way.\n\nThe Brews:\nGood selection with prices more or less at the center of the market.  They serve cheap food, but the drinks aren't a bargain.  Nothing special here either.\n\nThe ambiance:\nIt's often unnecessarily loud.  I'd say the only reason to go here is to hang out with a group of friends, but oftentimes when I've come, the music has been playing so loud (or the general atmosphere was so loud) I could only hear the people immediately next to me anyway.  So I suppose they forfeit their \"good for groups\" advantage on that one.\n\nI get the feeling that this is the place to go to in Shadyside when the other places are too crowded and/or too expensive.  You'll NEVER catch me saying \"Hey, let's go to Bites and Brews\"...but I'll probably wind up back here at some point anyway.  Oh well."
	: "I may be biased, I may also me cursed, because I can't find a slice of pizza anywhere that compares to Pizza Star's Pizza. \n\nNow, I've been eating this pizza since I was a toddler. I got fat on this pizza once I was old enough to walk or ride my bike to the Princeton Shopping center. Since I left Princeton, I have had a hard time finding a slice that even compares to the thousands of slices I've had at Pizza Star. I have arguments to this day with friends who are from different areas of Princeton about the best Pizza in town. You have those who say Victors was the best, others who claim Conte's makes the best pizza, but they pale in comparison. Pizza Star's Pizza, is a wide slice on thin crust. It passes the slice-fold-test that all slices should pass. Conte's is a small greasy slice. Aside from the nostalgia of the place, Conte's really lacks. Stop into Pizza Star and you will run into guys who have been there for over 30 years spinning dough and spreading sauce the way Pizza is supposed to be prepared. \n\nNow I'm all worked up, I may have to jump on the road and endure the 7 hour ride to Princeton to enjoy a real slice, plain, pepperoni or otherwise."
	: "Excellent cupcakes! Subtly flavored but decadent frosting on moist and delicious cakes, with plenty of creative flavors to choose from. I'll give the edge to Sugar Mama's but only by a hair."
	: "Some of the best wild mushroom soup I have ever eaten in my life.  The salads and sandwiches are fresh and thoughtfully prepared.  The lemonade makes my mouth water with its mint and vanilla hints.  I have no idea of the service during the week as we went on a Saturday afternoon around 2.  It was very quiet and peaceful-- Christmas music was even softly playing in the background.  I was so impressed with this place that I couldn't help but go back Monday evening for some more of that amazing mushroom soup.  \n\nGive it a try."
	: "Awesome Pita Plate! Great Service."
	: "The back room seating area is so bad it's good."
	: "I pretty much adore the plethora of restaurants on Lake Avenue. Nothing like some food motivation to get through a hike beforehand. \n\nBy the time I hit up Wahoo's, I was starving since I had just completed the hike to Echo Mountain & everything looked doubly yummy. Feeling slightly crazy (must be due to the lack of food/water to the brain), I ordered the Kahuna Grande which comes with your choice of taco or enchilada, 3 taquitos, with rice & beans (don't forget to request your guac + sour cream!). Not much of a beans person, got double side of rice instead (extra 25 cent charge). The taquitos were pretty standard but the rice (combo of white/brown) was delicious!!!! Never made it to my grilled fish taco (and my other side of rice) but the person I donated it to also said it was delicious. \n\nStaff was super friendly, decor was cute, and parking was easy (lot in the back). Priciest but the most variety in menu items out of the 3 taco joints on the block (other two being Chipotle & Rubios)."
	: "Ever since Prince of Wales closed, I've been searching for another intown neighborhood bar that has a similar eclectic pub feel. Cypress P&P isn't exactly it, but they're not a bad runner-up. PROS: The patio is really nice - it faces a side street so there's no street noise. And the beer selection is good - I highly recommend the chocolate stout. It's the perfect place for an after-work beer with friends. CONS: However, the food is average. I don't recommend going there just to eat. There's no parking available (blows my mind how they got around the parking ordinance), so you have to park on surrounding side streets. The service is hit or miss every time I've been there. And not all of the bartenders there know how to pour a Guinness properly."
	: "ok i'm obsessed with trader joes.  this one's pretty good, but they don't usually have a good flower selection and honestly, the parking makes it not worth it.  the parking lot at this mall is absolutely terrible....you have to make tight turns on weird one ways in tons of traffic.  there are cars all over the place doing all kinds of things.   i'd rather to go the pacific beach or encinitas trader joes...where parking is actually possible.  and where they have a better flower selection."
	: "Came here to have southern food and was blown away! You must visit here if you are in the Atlanta area, must try the grits and collard greens!"
	: "Fuck, this place is awesome. Affordable, fast, and good. The only problem? Erratic business hours. Mediterranean Caf\u00e9 is open Monday through Friday from 11 to 7, on Saturday from 11 to 3, and is closed on Sundays. It's obvious that this place has made a lot of money because dinner service is practically non-existent. And you know what? They fucking mean it when they say if you come within the last 40 minutes you can only order takeout. Luckily the wife and I made it in at 6:05 - although, eating while the workers are cleaning around you can be a bit off-putting. \n\nFor nOobs, the menu can be a little tricky. However, in general, the meat dishes such as the kebabs and chicken shawerma are served with meat on top of a bed of seasoned rice with sides of hummus, Greek salad, pita bread, garlic spread, and hot sauce. To be honest, I don't know what the rest of the menu is like because the wife and I tend to favor meat over rabbit food. \n\nRegardless, we have been trying to eat healthy, so we both ordered chicken dishes. She ordered the chicken kebab and I ordered the chicken shawerma. The chicken kebab plate is served with two skewers of chicken breast that are marinated with lemon, garlic, and various spices. I don't know if it had to do with the fact that we arrived during the last hour of business, but the chicken was really dry. While the chicken kebab was disappointing, the chicken shawerma was really tender and delicious. Once again, for the nOobs out there, shawerma is basically bits and pieces of sporadically sliced marinated chicken in garlic and spices. \n\nAside from the pita that tasted store bought and the lame Greek salad consisting of lettuce and a couple chunks of tomato with an olive oil based dressing, the complimentary sides and condiments that came with our food were pretty good. I really enjoyed the seasoned rice with noodle bits in it and the hummus tasted home-made. Also, their garlic spread was really flavorful and reminded me of the spread at Zankou Chicken. However, my favorite add-on was their surprisingly savory hot sauce. That shit made everything taste better. In fact, I ended up mixing it in with my rice, my hummus, and my chicken. \n\nIn addition to the sides that came with our dishes, we ordered a large tabbouleh and a tzatziki. The tabbouleh, which is basically chopped parsley, mint, bulgur, and seasoning was really fresh. And the tzatziki, which is a yogurt mixed with cucumbers and spices, was really cool and refreshing. \n\nAt the end of the day, Mediterranean Caf\u00e9 serves really good cuisine - that is when they are fucking open. And speaking of end of the day, my suggestion is not to come here at the end of the day. \n\n*Mediterranean Caf\u00e9 is definitely more of a lunch/takeout establishment than a full-on restaurant. \n\n**There is limited seating and when it gets busy it will get really claustrophobic. Oh yea, and if there is a line, good luck getting a refill."
	: "Fabulous restaurant, plain and simply.\n\nThe food is fantastic.  My first experience with Dogwood was my partners birthday dinner about 3 years ago, and since then I have probably eaten there 5 or 6 times.  The atmosphere is lovely, classy and comfortable.  The wait staff are very professional and attentive.\n\nOne of my favorite appetizers is the grits buffet, its hard to describe, but simply delectable.  I call their food...Southern fusion (maybe that's what they call it too).  I mean, southern food is either good or horrible, there is not much in between, but Dogwood puts such a pleasant and elegant spin on traditional dishes...plus they add a very nice splash of flair.\n\nI highly recommend Dogwood before an evening of theatre at the Fox or for any special occasion, or just for a nice romantic dinner."
	: "Okay, this place just reeks with hipster/scenester flavors but I love it nonetheless.  First off, it's next door to one of the nicest galleries in the area, Sandler Hudson.  Secondly, their Americano is just so yummy, especially when paired with one of their blueberry muffins.  Their sandwiches are decent, too.  \n\nAnother great thing about the place is that they usually display lots of art by aspiring local artists."
	: "Store of poor layout and extraordinary mark-ups.  \n\nHere you can:\nCollate paper with Chinese aluminum for $48!\nStop your door for $8!\nOpen your cans for $32!\nMop with an \"Italian Mop Made In Italy\" [sic, sic] for $33!\n\nI love design, and often don't hesitate to pay a premium for it, but I walked out of here with a head-shaking/chuckle combo.  (That's a mannerism, not a useful thing I bought.)"
	: "Really solid pho on the ave. So far it is probably the best I have had on this particular pho packed thoroughfare. Not the best ever, but still pretty good. \n\nI have come to realize pho is one of those things, kind of like pumpkin pie. There is a pretty small range of difference between where you go, and its hard to find a really stand out bowl of pho, or pumpkin pie. It usually comes down to the intangibles. Whether it be the freshness of the garnishes, the friendliness of the wait staff, or the decor. \n\nThe garnishes here are not always the freshest (last time i went the basil looked rather sad), but the wait staff is always very friendly and the shop itself is quaint and a little set back from the bustle of the ave. The few other things I have had on the menu are also solid. \n\nSo on a whole, there ya go. My search for the perfect bowl of pho continues. The Vi does a solid job, but I will journey on."
	: "They basically take frozen patties, cook them on a grill and add some standard toppings with standard buns. Everything here is ok, it's not bad. The patties aren't super preserved like McDonalds but they aren't mouthwatering delicious like Barney's. \n\nFor those Berkeley kids (especially you engineering majors who get stuck in Soda, Cory, and Etcheverry). This is the place to go when the good places in Asian Ghetto are closed, but you aren't desperate enough to want to go to La Burrita or TC Garden."
	: "Decent with the whole printing thing, but pricey.  Also having a large stapler out would be ideal.  But overall adequate."
	: "This place is tiny (and cute)! I came here for my birthday a couple of months ago and it was pretty good.\n\nSome of the items are hit or miss. The burger with the fried egg on top was very good, but the flat bread pizza was not. They also do bruschetta very well, specifically the tomato one. It was fantastic. Some of the portions, like the salmon plate, was very small, but it is a tapas place, so what do you expect? I saw their happy hour specials and it seems like a great deal, so I will be returning some day soon. For a small place, their wine selection was decent."
	: "Didn't eat any food. Headed upstairs for the hookah lounge. Kind of rude service (we had to wait a HELLA long time, even though there were tables open) and when one of our hookahs was broken, the waitress basically told us we were lying. But overall the place had a cool ambiance, good music and excellent hookah flavors (we got peach and cherry.)"
	: "It's not that Raku's food was inedible or vomit-inducing.  Rather, Raku's chefs managed to ruin their nigiri by pairing perfectly decent raw fish with random ingredients-- everything from cream to citrus to jalape\u00f1os to some creamy citrus sauce topped with jalapenos.  Then the owners charge an extra chunk of change for these \"creative\" fusion sauces.\n\nLet me try to say this in another way: the best part of my meal was the miso soup.\n\nMaybe the yataki, ramen, or Americanized sushi rolls taste okay, but we won't be coming back here to find out.  And as for the ambience... Don't come here if you don't like having a loud waiter banging on your table for no apparent reason."
	: "Fidel would be disappointed. \n\nI sat there for over 2 hours with 1 drink and no food. Service was the worst I've ever had, and the manager tried to give excuses instead of just apologizing. We had a large group (10+), but they should've been more attentive. Food was underwhelming to boot. Hands-down (great cliche) the worst. Burger King has better Cuban food."
	: "I ordered the steak banh mi.  The meat was dry and tough -- like bad stir fry beef.  The bread was soft and not all at baguette-like.  The toppings (cilantro, jalapenos) and sauces were okay, but really could not make up for the less than mediocre meat and bread.  I miss the food trucks."
	: "I really like how they jam pack as much toppings as they can on their hotdogs. Love the slippery mess that falls all over your hands, while trying to get some extra toppings (from the toppings bar) onto the already full hot dog. The only thing wrong was that the bacon was overcooked. And there goes that one star. \n\nI also really enjoy their little mule. Instead of that taste you have when you eat a burger overloaded with cheese and meat, you get different textures from the sauce, the avocado and the egg. \n\nThe fries are decent. \n\nThere is very little outdoor seating, so you can bring your canine friend. :)"
	: "I am new to New York and live in Harlem by Honey Salon.  I had a partial sew-in in my hair and my hair is not relaxed.  The receptionist was really nice over the phone in making my appointment.  Yebirtha gave me a Dominican blow out w/my sew-in and did a great job!  Only cost me $45., deep condition included.  Downstairs Michelle & Cristy do weaves for about $250, the girls looked happy w/ their new dos :)  Prices are great for New York!  Nail salon downstairs as well.  I never got to see downstairs but upstairs was quiet and cute.  Best part of all, free bottomless mimosas!  I plan to go back again.  Hope that experience is good as my last."
	: "Service is as expected from a restaurant of this caliber. Lobster tails with their garlic butter was divine and their fish was cooked to perfect consistency. If you are a college-aged kid bringing a girl here, guaranteed bj afterwards... just saying.\n\nstaying classy."
	: "Thai, Korean and Japanese dishes are on the menu, but the food is more like greasy-spoon Chinese.  The tempura is more reminiscent of chicken fingers.  Good prices and portions, but why bother when there is better food so close by?"
	: "I was blown away by this oasis of fantastic flavor.  The grilled stuffed pasta was so mind-bendingly delicious that I tried to recreate this at home.  While the description and use of two sauces sounds like it would contradict itself, each of the components blend marvelously in your mouth.\n\nI sampled soups and small bites as well.  Over all, I found the flavors in each dish are well balanced and don't compete for attention.  There is a certain finesse that's being used in the kitchen to render distinctly memorable flavor profiles.  \n\nThe atmosphere was inviting, modern and clean.  The service staff knowledgeable and attentive.  I wish I had one where I live and will absolutely be back when I find myself in Champaign again."
	: "It's okay. They have a froyo machine now, but the boba's still a bit off, in my opinion.\n\nThey're cheaper than Cup O' Joy, but I'm not sure if that justifies going here.\n\nThe store owners are very nice. Easy to work with if you have catering needs."
	: "Vimala and her husband (and some of her children) have created an eating experience.  The outdoor area is perfect, as is the eating experience inside - where you can view the kitchen!!!\nHaving traveled all throughout India, I can attest to the AAA quality of the food offered and the soul/spirit infused by Vimala!  You must try this eating experience.  And be sure to say hello to Vimala while you're there.\nJo Sanders"
	: "I'm going with three stars based mostly on their awesome patio and their heaping plate of nachos. Their beer list is great, but yesterday they were out of the first 2 that my friend ordered. Bummer, but not a big deal. We were all pretty irritated, though, when the house salad came drenched in Ranch dressing when we had requested two other dressings on the side--which were still brought out to us. The avocado and cheese melt came sans avocado, and we had to ask for a side to put in the sandwich ourselves. We were all a little more appeased after biting into the sandwich though--the bread was so sweet, chewy, and dense, it was absolutely delicious. I didn't even mind too much that my second beer took 20 minutes (the server forgot) because I was SO FULL. I'll be back for sure, but would love if they could step it up a little service-wise."
	: "I was referred to SLOtography by a friend and could not have been more pleased.  We hired Blake to take some family photos and everything turned out absolutely perfect.  Blake made the photo shoot fun, fast and easy.  It was the first time in several years our family did this type of thing but we all had such a good experience we decided to keep doing it with SLOtography on a regular basis.  Blake is very fun, easy going, and professional and the experience inspired everyone in our family to make a tradition out of it.    I honestly cannot recommend SLOtography enough."
	: "My fave BURGER place.... Yes, I said burger. Their hangover is damn good, fried egg, chili, much more. Their chili cheese Tator tots is awesome, their sweetie pie is a to die for dessert of sweet potato tots with yummy goodness on top. \nI'm glad I can eat at this place and not be obese, but beware, don't eat the whole portion at once! It will start showing in your chin"
	: "Another one of those things you have to try at least once if you are visiting Pittsburgh for the very first time.  I had seen them on Travel Channel as one of the Top 10 places in the country to Pig Out.  So when we came to Pittsburgh, PA, and was on vacation, I had to try it.  \n\nIt was as good as advertised.  They put the French Fries in the Sandwich and it is definitely quite unique.  \n\nIf I am ever back in Pittsburgh, I will definitely grab me another Primanti Brothers Sandwich to Pig Out On!!!"
	: "Good place to play pool on weeknights or during the afternoon / early evening hours on weekends.  Usually not too crowded then.  They also have darts which is fun.  \n\nThey have awesome bean dip and bean tacos!  I order it every time I go.  The bar can be a little slow to get a drink once it starts getting crowded.  Only over 21 crowd allowed in the evenings.  And this is more of an \"alternative\" crowd so you usually don't have to worry about \"frat packs\" here.  I enjoy this place."
	: "Fast, affordable vegetarian.  Clover is a great spot to grab a quick veggie-only meal.  $5 will get you an entree item which is enough for a moderate meal.  I got the chickpea fritters, which is a delicious pita stuffed with vegetables and fried chickpeas.  Also had the baked potato, which was seasoned with some kind of sour cream or sour cream substitute, chives and some crispy alternatives to bacon.  It was good but nothing over the top.  The environment at this location is industrial and not really comfortable.  Also found that the tables were pretty dirty and the service counter had run out of forks and napkins.  I will give them the benefit of the doubt and assume it had been a busy day, plus the food, affordability and speed of preparation makes up for most of the negatives.  I'll be back!"
	: "Selling crappy made Chinese clothing disguised as Italian made. I don't mind paying for quality, but I do mind paying for poorly made Chinese jackets that quickly fall apart. Shop somewhere else."
	: "On the food: it would be okay if I were stuck at an airport for days or on a desert island. Otherwise, it's overpriced and thoroughly mediocre. \n\nBut what really gets me is the service; I've NEVER experienced ruder service in my LIFE. I ordered a black coffee yesterday; it was served with milk and sugar. I asked for another cup, specifying that I wanted plain, black coffee with no milk and sugar. It was served with sugar. WTF?!?! I finally got my plain coffee, but it was served with the heaping load of attitude and eyerolling. \n\nI live right next door, but unless I'm starving or it's free, I'm never going here again. Another example of an establishment that would fail miserably if it were located in any other neighborhood."
	: "Trio House isn't bad by any stretch of the imagination...\n\n... But there's not anything especially good about it, either. I've tried several things, mostly noodle dishes. Their Pad Thai was great, I'll give them that (I'd definitely order it again, and all the ingredients came out side-by-side so you could mix in exactly what you wanted), but everything else has been kind of lackluster (drunken noodles, mongolian noodles, a couple others). I had some tom yum fried rice once that was fine, too.\n\nBut please don't get any soups. They're not very flavorful or authentic and just seem a little.. off. (I've had chicken pho, normal pho, and tom kha.)  Another reviewer said they thought there was a lot of MSG in the stuff, and I believe it, since it's always tasted kind of \"off\" to me. But the rest of the food has been okay, we've gone back a few times to try different things, and as I go to USC it's extremely close. So if you're at USC looking for some nearby Asian food and want an upgrade from Panda Express, well, you might as well grab some stir-fry or rice at Trio House.\n\nAlso, there is boba. It is fairly lackluster boba and the actual boba balls aren't very sweet, but if you have a craving, it beats out a couple of very close-by boba alternatives... cough, Cup O Joy, cough."
	: "I had just not went to Jolly Pumpkin since they opened because, Ann Arbor has so many breweries that I didn't believe it could be anything that new! After our first experience I was so impressed that we went back three days later! The beer I knew would be great but I was really impressed by the food. \n\n ~ we had pizza on both occasions the spicy the first time and meat the second. Both were great but I really loved the spicy one it was perfecly balanced. \n\n ~ The truffled fries we had both times and they were great the second time we had to fight my five year old daughter for them! She wanted to eat the garlic mayo that came with them by itself!\n\n~ On the second visit we also had the noodle salad which was light and delicous you just need to make sure you mix it up completley because the tofu sucked up all the dressing. My daughter also had their basic burger and really dug it.\n\nBoth times the service was top notch. the second time we were there they were obviously busy but our server managed to keep up just fine. The first time we were later so they were a little slower and we had some questions on merchandise and our server went above and beyond, She was just great! \n\nWe will defintley be back soon!"
	: "Not good.  We had a couple soups and shared a main dish.  Everything was overly done - as if a \"thai sauce\" jar was opened and applied to everything.  The service was pleasant however.   It would have been better if the cook wasn't staring at us through the kitchen pickup window and we didn't find a bug in our soup - I actually had to remind the waiter to remove the charge after it was on the bill!"
	: "I'm surprised this place has so many good reviews...\n\nI grew up in Georgia and have lived in Boston for the last 3 years.  I just moved to Lafayette and was excited to get some good barbeque.  The pulled pork was decent and the sauces were very good but the sides that I tried were pretty awful and not what I would consider good barbeque.  To me, a good barbeque joint is not only about the meats but also the fixins and sides.\n\nThe Brunswick stew in particular was pathetic. Hands down the worst Brunswick stew I have ever tasted.  It was not the delicious tomato-based, meaty stew I was raised on.  Instead, it resembled soggy bland mashed potatoes with a can of veg-all thrown in.  Flavor less, bland, and mushy.  Ew.  The greens were also nothing to write home about.  No spice, just plain boiled greens.  Not seasoned and bland. The potato salad went overboard on the vinegar (should have used some in the greens)\n\nI rated this 2 stars because the meat was prepared well, although the portions were very small.  The quality of the meat and the sauce are the only reason this doesn't get 1 star.  I probably wouldn't eat here again.\n\nHonestly (and I never thought I'd say this) they had better barbeque in Massachusetts...."
