: "Expensive and the food is very average."
: "Best Thai Food in Seattle.  Be prepared for a wait on weekends or holidays, any night the students are milling about.  $8.75 for Phad Thai (my fav) and absolutely wonderful Tom Ka when I'm super hungry.  If ever you have known me, I've taken you to Thai Tom's.  Do not attempt to order to go over the phone; go in person.  Bring cash, only.  Be prepared for more authentic spice ratings.  I order 3 stars, but it can get spicy depending on the cook.  Thin, wiry guy--who I think is Thai Tom?--makes it spiciest.  Mildly spice tolerants should order zero to one stars.  \n\nYes, you do need to work it a little to make Thai Tom's work for you.  Best strategy: Shut up a little and watch them at work.  Easiest from the bar or front of the restaurant, of course.  They've got a system and if you pay attention, they will notice, and they will take care of you.\n\nI prefer to sit at the bar so I can watch the progress of my ticket and the cooks.  Thai Tom is a true master--he will have all 5 burners going at once with dishes in all different stages of the cooking process.  Have you ever tried this at home?  He makes the best Phad Thai in my opinion because he lets the noodles crisp up.  I was a regular here at one point.  My order got mixed up with someone else's, the chef noticed (he has since quit, I think) noticed my displeasure (a furrowed brow goes a long way here) and immediately started me one with extra chicken.  \n\nAs far as cleanliness goes, I've eaten here hundreds of times and NEVER gotten sick.  If I did, I'd be more likely to hold the meat industry suspect.  While I believe sanitation is necessary (e.g. black plague), I think it is ridiculous that restaurants and food-servers are now quasi-responsible for covering the dirty tracks of the money-hungry, citizen poisoning meat corporations.  Watch Food, Inc."
: "I might have to come back here again, but I feel like this one experience was bad enough to justify leaving it at this. \n\nFood: I ordered what the menu said was the most popular item,  the tuna on crispy rice (http://www.yelp.com/biz_photos/eqFRLwj2_0v_1y2y8Ur3cg?select=m_SMLbxLxtBZ827wFDwgWQ). Since this was $7.50, I thought it was going to be something like a donburi. Instead what I got were five extremely small pieces of rice wrapped in nori and fried until what was supposed to be crispy with very small amounts of spicy tuna and some cilantro on top. The rice was not the right kind of rice to be fried in such a way. Since it was short grain, frying resulted in this horribly sticky, yet hard substance. My molars still hurt from trying to chew through it. Also, the roll portion has nothing in it. It's just rice. I really felt like I was getting ripped off. $7.50 for 5 pieces that didn't even taste good? You've got to be kidding me. \n\nService: I came in to get takeout and the hostess looked at me like I was some sort of inferior freak. This place is going to tank just like Eurochow if they can't get any student customers so I suggest they abandon those airs. Also, I think as I was waiting for my food she and another employee were gossiping about the patrons. How rude is that? \n\nAtmosphere: This is probably the only impressive part about Yamato. The domed ceiling, bar, and (very sparse) alcohol display are definitely aesthetically pleasing.\n\nSynopsis: Unless you want to seriously work your jaw, do not order the spicy tuna on crispy rice."
: "Its been almost exactly a month since I first tried this place. I was sick of campus food and I wanted something really healthy. So I trekked down to Westwood for some vegan goodness. I was set on trying a bowl cuz ppl say they are so good and they looked good. I got the Mina's Macro... it was quite disappointing!! I'm so surprised that I'm disappointed! It was healthy for sure, but the huge mix of seaweed, steamed veggies ( broccoli and tasteless carrots), sauerkraut, onions, tempeh, and lemon miso sauce was just WIERD. Like it all didn't mesh right and everything was a mix of semi warm, cold, and hot. Only thing I really appreciated was the quinoa. it was a big portion but I regret paying $12 for this. Next time I stick to the burgers. \n\nThey got new tables and chairs :D"
: "The first time I had the s'mores cupcake, I was disappointed. Too rich and the cake not moist enough.\n\nThe second time--I decided to give them one more chance--I was HOOKED! The Salted Caramel cupcakes are De-li-cious, making me wish I had gotten another one, but the long lines on Fourth Street (in Berkeley), where the truck was parked, deterred me. My friend almost had an orgasm licking and nibbling on the delicate, extremeoply moist cake, excited by the salty-and-sweet combo of the generous dollop of cream on top, doused with salty caramel. \n\nSign up on Twitter and/or Facebook to find out where the Cupkates truck will be when you're hankering for delicious cupcakes. \n\nNext time, I plan to buy these flavors: Twinkie,  Lemon Raspberry, and Red Velvet."
: "I wasn't expecting much from this place - just needed delivery we could eat out of boxes while moving out of our apartment.  I was pleasantly surprised!  The food came faster than they said it would, and was extremely hot when it arrived.  The price seemed reasonable ($40 total for an appetizer, two entrees, brown rice (awesome), delivery charge, and tip.)\n\nThe cashew chicken I got was pretty good.  I really appreciated the fact that there were at least some fresh and crunchy veggies (zucchini and celery).  I would've liked a little higher veggie-to-chicken ratio though; the more veggies, the better!  The cashews were crunchy and good.   \n\nThe boy got beef with broccoli, which I tried but didn't like as much.  I think I'd stick with cashew chicken again, or try something vegetarian.  The standout was the veggie spring roll.  Yum.  I think they deliver to our new place, so perhaps we'll try them again as we unpack..."
: "The mojitos here rock!\n\nI don't understand why Havana Central got such bad reviews. I like it here! The extremely tall man at the front of the restaurant is always friendly. I got a meat and rice for about $9 -- not bad at all for NYC. There's always a good vibe going on. \n\nAlso, love the dulce leche candy at the front door.\n\nPlus, they sell $1 empanadas on Thursday afternoons. How can you not like this place?\n\nYUM!"
: "Reasonable prices, decent selection, clean, and well-staffed at the registers."
: "Honestly, the chicken isn't as moist as everyone says it is. Maybe I got an off batch, but the breast was super dry. The chicken, despite being dry, did have a nice taste to it. What makes the dishes awesome, as everyone else says, is that nifty garlic sauce. It's hard to make a good garlic sauce/paste without having a ridiculously overpowering taste, but they managed to hit the nail with a good balance of flavors. The hummus and pita are also super delicious."
: "Stepping inside, you're immediately impressed. Has that chain store feeling without the bad connotations, kinda like Chipotle.\n\nOrdered a felafel, drink and fries. Eyes grew a bit wide as I shelled out $10 for the combo. Even in California, you could probably get this for half the price and twice the portions. I feel that the more novel, or foreign the food, the more expensive it is here at Purdue. \n\nAs far as food goes, the falafel was kinda crappy. I was surprised off the bat to see it on the menu because this is more of a middle eastern item. The falafel balls were extremely mushy, had almost no flavor and were way too hot temperature-wise.  Eating it was a pretty messy situation. Normally falafels comes in pita pockets, but this was more of a taco. Not a big deal except there was an inadequate pita to filling ratio which resulted in something of a mess..."
: "I got a spinach and paneer roti roll.  \nIt was a bit bland but tasted good, and frankly (oh, Frankie!) I am glad it wasn't too spicy, because I don't think a very spicy item would have settled too well in my belly after a night of drinking next door at Suite until 3AM!\n\nThe two guys behind the counter were straight-faced and kind of cold, but they were efficient and made my roti fairly quickly.\nI guess I can't blame them being cold fish- who wants the night shift?"
: "Enjoyed brunch here today with the wife and son.  Both went with the enchiladas - some of the best I've ever had.  Huge thumbs up to the Margaritas - esp the Distrito!!  Can't wait to try some other Garces establishments."
: "Bringing your music purchasing experience to new lows.  If you don't want the latest Christina Aguilera for $17.99, you'll probably be out of luck.  Head upstairs for a more reasonable jazz / blues / classical collection."
: "Burgers are tasty and cooked to your liking. Fries are well-portioned. Service is friendly and fast. Seating area is spacious and appealing.\n\nIf all of that wasn't enough, I would go here for the condiment selection alone.\nFry Sauce, burger sauce, and chipotle ketchup. I could do shots of those and be happy."
: "Yamato is, for our money, one of the coolest looking restaurants that we've ever been to.  Environment should always take a backseat to the food, but this place looks so cool that it's impossible not to mention right up front.\n\nAdmittedly the parking situation is bleak, you're either doomed to search for parking on the street or pay $3.00 in the parking garage a block away.\n\nThe waitstaff is friendly, however it does seem like there are never enough people working during the dinner rush, since it seems to take a while to get anything (drink refill, extra chopsticks, etc).\n\nBut, the food is quite good & reasonably priced.  Our favorites include (but are not limited to): edamame, California roll (dipped in an eel sauce/spicy mayo mixture),  miso soup, mixed green salad, beef skewers, and teriyaki beef & chicken.\n\nIt's definitely a bit out of the way for us, but if the mood strikes us for good Japanese food, Yamato is definitely worth the trip. \n\nBon Appetit! -Shangela\n\n(PS: Please do not confuse this Yamato with the Yamato in Encino.  They may share the same name, but the food in Encino is nowhere near as good as in Westwood.)"
: "I came here with a group of friends for a casual birthday lunch (3 of us had relatively close birthdays) and I have to say, it was the service and portions that impressed me. I've never been to BJ's before and I thought my experience here was a decent start. \n\nI had the Crispy Jalapeno Burger and it was ginormous!!! It was basically the size of my face! It came with crispy fries which were very yummy as well. I only ended up finishing half the burger and saved the other half, which made a really good leftover lunch the next day!\n\nOne of my friends ordered a portobello mushroom pizza (I believe it was the one-topping pizza deal for lunch), but after 20 minutes, the waitress came out and informed us that her manager took one look at the pizza and said it was not up to her standards and ordered the chef to make another one. That wasn't it, though! The waitress still gave us the original pizza, which turned out to taste just fine (it just didn't LOOK super appetizing with the mushrooms hanging off the crust)..so the rest of us got to taste our friend's pizza while she ate her prettier one. \n\nMy friend asked for the famous BJ's pizookie (chocolate chip cookie + vanilla ice cream) for all of us to share (the waitress made sure to ask us if we each wanted one, which was a nice gesture, but we were all too full), which was a nice dessert to end our meal!\n\nI've also tasted the red velvet pizookie when it was catered to a UCSD event, and it was amazing! It was like a red velvet cupcake in a cookie form! YUM!\n\nAll in all, good food, huge portions, and great service!"
: "Service: AWFUL! \nMenu: Completely different than the one found linked to Yelp. It is about $4 more expensive. \nValue: Not worth it!\n\nI attended their \"Mid Week Tasting\" and believed I would be getting a great range for a good price. Online, the price is set at $8 (for the Aromatic Whites) when it's $12 on the bill... \n\nOnce we ordered, it took our waiter (whose bitchy attitude was not appealing) about 15 minutes to bring our next tasting around... keep in mind that tastings are 2 oz. of wine, and it goes fast, so it'd be nice to have someone on top of it to keep the momentum up!\n\nNext, we wanted to order some appetizers to share. For $5 we opted for sliders (emphasis on the 's !!) when we were informed that it only comes with ONE SLIDER! Its a singular, lone tiny burger for $5 with NO fries?!! NO WAY! \n\nThe only person doing any real work and effort was the owner, whom I suspect is aware of his terrible 2-person staff. My advice to him, is dump them! \n\nLONG STORY SHORT... Save your money and go someplace else. Azo Vino in Covina has tastings Tuesday and Thursday for $12 with a glass of your favorite, PLUS gourmet food trucks!"
: "Fist choice is a restaurant with two sides of the tape.\n\nIf you are looking for ambiance this is not the place.\n\n               But if you want real authentic jamaican food this is the place.\nThe oxtails might be the best dish on the menu. Others like the curry and jerk are also amazing. The peas and rice can be over cook sometimes.\nHave only eating here about 5 time, but every time I have come my food have been really good. 3 stars are due to the fact I would consider this restaurant strictly take out."
: "Okay, I've yet to make it margarita mondays, but their regular happy hour specials are pretty great also. Got a margarita the size of my head for $8 and half off appetizers. The margs weren't \"kick you in the face\" full of tequila, but I was feeling pretty good after 2. Unlimited chips and salsa too.\n\n Also had super friendly service from a guy named Paco.\n\nIt's nothing that would qualify as \"fine dining\" but if you need an after work margarita buzz or a way to kills a few hours before taking the flyaway bus to the airport, this place is easy on the wallet."
: "Wow, so this is quite a change from my last review. Last time I came here the food was exceptional. They put out a groupon so I snatched up four of them. I had already eaten lunch here and got some sushi once before the groupon so I was stoked. Anyway, I used three of them in the first two months of receiving them and the food was awesome. \n\nHowever, I forgot about my fourth one and realized it was going to expire shortly. So my friend and I ventured over to Archira to exploit some groupon awesomeness. I eat family style (where we order a bunch of stuff and split everything) so we got the yellow curry,  fancy rainbow roll, and spicy tuna avocado handrolls. \n\nCurry came first. I am a curry fanatic and last time I ordered it here it was delicious. This time, meh; as my dad would say, menz a menz. I would stick with my own $5 homemade curry. \n\nSushi came soon after. It was basically a shrimp tempera roll rainbow roll toppings. Sounds like a dream come true right? Not with this quality lacking fish. Same could be said about the handrolls. \n\nI will say this, the presentation of not just the food but of everything, the rose shaped straw wrappers, the wasabi shaped like a basil leaf, the decor,and atmosphere are still top notch and those little nuances make this place very fun and eclectic. \n\nIt's very unfortunate because every time I came here before, the best part was the high quality of the sushi. The prices were a bit high but it was worth it. At this rate, the Harris Teeter sushi or Kurama express may be a better bet. I heard they changed ownership or head chef or something like that so it may be linked to that. \nIt pains me deeply to write this review considering the delicious times I once had here, but, I probably will not be back unless I hear things have reverted back. \n\nCheers"
: "really good shwarma!  during late lunch (2:30), i had made my order, paid and was walking out in about 1 minute.  not bad!\npita is soft, but i wonder if it is made fresh or store/market bought.\nclose #1 & #2 between this and pasha"
: "Usually I go more in-depth, but suffice to say that the moment I saw a shirtless drunk guy come stumbling out of here in a tussle with the cops, I knew I would never enter this place again."
: "I went here last night with a friend who needed to get here again before the place closes/changes management/becomes a shoe store (I find it very odd that no one knows what's going to happen to the place).  I must admit, I was a bit nervous to enter considering a lot of the reviews here claimed that the place smelled like cat urine.  Perhaps the cat has already moved out because I didn't smell anything gross or unusual.  We sat at the bar for a couple hours and had several cocktails, appetizers, and dinner.  The cocktails were good and strong.  I thought the dipping sauce for the calamari appetizer was too peppery, but the sausage, mushroom, heirloom tomato pizza was phenomenal. The bartenders are cordial and very knowledgeable.  They made several recommendations based on my friend's likes and dislikes.  The decor is pretty rundown, but I think that adds to the charm of the place.  I was told that they still have another month left so check it out soon."
: "The service here is awful and rip off.  The guy waiting on us, didn't check on us once after the food was dropped off. There are no refills on a $3 Sprite, and water is only bottled for $2.50. THEY CHARGE 20% GRATUITY FOR PARTIES OF 2.  They don't explain anything on the bill, you can't argue with them (every mysterious charge on the bill is simply \"tax\" or part of their arbitrary gratuity).  \n\nOh! they did not even give us a receipt and it is cash only. No sign was posted anywhere in the restaurant where you can see that this is Cash Only!!!!!. I think I am going to report this restaurant to IRS to have someone look into this business since they did not give ua a copy of recipt when we ask for one.  We waited 15 mins and still did not get our receipt so we left."
: "Definitely a favorite of all students here. If you're looking for delicious food and a reasonable price, come here. Just watch yourself when you head over there because there might be a long line, and it takes time to make good pasta. So be willing to wait if the situation calls for it.\nThe portions are awesome relative to the price, except the angel hair pasta dishes can be a little unsatisfying since they don't fill you up that much. \nThe alfredo pastas here is amazing. \nAnd the calzones are so big they alone can cause a food coma. \nI think the best pasta 'ive had is the godfather's favorite."
: "I do not understand the positive reviews for this place. Maybe if I were stuck in this town and that was the ONLY Indian food around... MAYBE! I live between LA and OC and work with many Indian people, so I have been to some really wonderful Indian places. \n\nWe stopped by on our way up to northern CA from LA. As you walk in, the scent is promising... and if I closed my eyes the entire time there, I might have rated this a 2. The buffet is a joke, with maybe 3-4 dishes, some dried out rice and one sad looking pudding (not to mention that it is in the same location as what appears to be the office space of the owner). We opted for a menu. The walls are stained, dusty surfaces, there is paper work stacked in the corners and junk thrown underneath the tables that were not being used. It was like being at somebody's house who hadn't cleaned in years. Sat at the table by the unfriendly host (assuming he was the ower) and grabbed our napkins to place on our laps and noticed that one of the napkins were already used. Yuck!\n\nThe menu looked promising and we were hoping since it had Vindaloo and some other spicy, lesser-known dishes that the food would redeam this place. Nope. Ordered Aloo Parathas, \"Spicy\" Lamb Curry and the Tandori platter. The only good item was the chicken in the Tandori. Paratha's barely had any potato mix and was pretty tastless (aside from the grease). The fish on the Tandori platter was like a stone, so dry and hard it was uneatible. \n\nEven IF the food was good (and that is a big if), not sure how anybody could write such a good review for such a disgusting and dirty establishment."
: "Got my head shaved here. Good place to get the stubble off.\nThey don't charge a lot, about the same as supercuts, and they do a above normal service, so , go there. I reccomend it."
: "This place is probably what you would expect for a university barber shop. They generally do a decent job for $14 but the results are usually far from perfect.\n\nIn general, try to avoid having the woman in the front of the shop cut your hair. She has butchered me more often than not."
: "Go early, right when it opens. Otherwise, LONG wait. Excellent ambiance (dark, romantic) but tiny hole in the wall. Kept staring at the walls and the detailed decor. Expensive tapas. Not knock your socks, but decent."
: "I am so glad to have a decent breakfast place by USC! I love everything here from the pancakes, to the french toast, to the omelettes. There is a great vibe and clean atmosphere. Thank you for opening here!"
: "Dropped by on the 4th of July for some brunch, along with most of Princeton. Within 5 minutes of getting in line, we were told we could get two seats right away at the counter. We said \"sure!\" because we were starving and in need of some AC. However, when we were brought inside, we were put right in front of the toaster, grill, and griddle, and thus it was incredibly hot and uncomfortable. A little warning before we sat down would have been nice...on a day like that I would have waited a few more minutes outside to get a table to avoid 45 minutes of discomfort. \n\nI got a chili omelette with white toast and mashed home fries. The chili was really good - meaty with a depth of flavor. But I ordered an omelette, not a cup of chili, and unfortunately the eggs were completely flavorless - my boyfriend tried a bite and said he couldn't even taste the eggs! At first bite, the potatoes were good and a bit of a novelty, but after that the salt became overwhelming and unbearable. I left half of them on the plate, even though I wasn't full. Toast seemed like quality bread, not just Wonder bread. But what I love about diner toast is that it usually comes with warm, melted butter on it -- not here though. The toast comes with a little cup of whipped butter on the side. By the time you get the plate, the toast isn't hot enough to do what they should be doing before they bring you your food. If I had ordered it dry, that would be one thing, but I didn't. \n\nOverall, just so-so diner food - it wasn't so bad I wouldn't come back, but I wouldn't go out of my way to come here if there are other diners nearby. But I would be curious to come back and try some non-breakfast items - the fries looked incredible, and it looked like they had some really interesting and tasty sandwiches!"
: "Always a nice place to visit, good energy, very tasty drink, friendly service, and awesome variety"
: "Ordered the spicy pork bento.  It was very tasty and the portion sizes were huge.  Very student-budget friendly, but still somewhat expensive compared to the surrounding restaurants.  Will definitely be returning here again before my visit ends."
: "Really fantastic food! I was taken here by my Taiwanese friend who ordered for me and obviously made good choices because the food was so good. My two favorite dishes were House Special Fish and Tofu with fermented black beans (I don't even like tofu normally). The hot pot, served at the end, was also very good. The only reason this place is getting 4 stars from me is that the decor is really blase. It's not a place to go if you are trying to romance or impress someone. - unless they are Taiwanese and homesick!"
: "Ok but not spectacular seafood. Since they don't have a liquor license you have to byob. Fortunately there is a convenience store next door. ."
: "Very tasty, reasonable prices, pleasant inside on a hot summer day."
: "Certainly not gourmet food.. in fact, it's actually very proletarian.  But it's fine for what it is... a sandwich place.  The most imaginative thing about the menu are the names it gives its sandwiches.\n\nWhat it DOES have going for it is a good location, a chill ambience, a full bar and loyalty to the (South Carolina) Gamecocks.  Probably a solid place to catch a game and drink.  I however, was just here for lunch.\n\nWould I ever think of this place for the food?  No.  But I would meet friends there to get drunk."
: "Had the worst day ever. Had to work on a Saturday, got stood up by a girl to see a movie, went to the movie by myself, while waiting to go in the theatre my boob popped out and was chilling for a minute before I noticed, I swear the hot guy that was watching the same movie alone saw it, The movie was wack, and when i tried to save face and get the hot guys number anyway, i got shut down. I need a freaking drink! \n\nStarted walking toward Mocca Lounge and found this place. i really wanted to go somewhere low key. I was rolling dolo so I didn't want to draw too much attention to myself. (I kow it sounds backwards but thats how i felt) I walked in confidently and sat at the bar. \"Nice\". Sexy layout. Not too big and gives an intimate feel. I'll get to the crowd in a minute. The bartendars are sexy dark chocolates. Goes great with wine don't you think? lol. I ordered one glass of mascato $13. It was sooo good. I mean really because I had to really sit and think if it was only good because my horrible day turned me into a alcoholic. But it was. \nThe crowd was all drinking Sangria. Didn't try it. Figured that it must be good but wasn't in the mood to try things. I needed to relax. Glance around the room again and see there is an assortment of cheeses you can order as well. Looked good. \n\nThe vibe i got from the crowd (Now it may have been that night) was young african-american mostly. Well put together. Young professional but maybe one step up from entree level with a chip on their shoulder if you catch my drift. The \"I have no time for internet social networks because I'm so busy. Meanwhile they're probly still updating their Myspace pages. Whatever) A little artificial for my liking but hey \"You must portray an image of success in order to be successful\" American Beauty (Love that movie).\n\nI'll give this place another shot for sure but I must bring my own crowd."
: "I love Chinese food. I really do. I've spent a lot of time in Asia and Oceania - and there are a lot of Chinese around that part of the world. Which means I got to indulge my love of Chinese food a lot.\n\nI had been to Yenching before and thought it was ok, but wasn't in a rush to go back. Tonight, I had a massive craving for Chinese, and this was the only reasonable option within walking distance.\n\nIt's not good. It's really not. It's greasy, the dishes lack any delicacy, and the feeling afterwards of it all sinking to the pit of my stomach suggests that there may have been an aggressive use of MSG.\n\nThe wait staff are friendly, and they're mainland Chinese. Unfortunately, there's a critical ingredient missing - a decent chef."
: "Drip drip drip. That's the sound of grease running down from your burger. I tried the double bacon cheeseburger. So greasy but so good. If you want to clog your arteries in an instant, this is the place to go. The restaurant is spacious and has tons of seating, albeit some parts are covered with grease.\n\nOne downside is that I noticed that their combination options posted on the wall are hella' confusing."
: "My boyfriend and I have patronized this place 8 or 10 times, including lunch and dinner. The first 3 times were fine, we both found dishes we liked, and I was glad to find some vegetarian options on the menu. Although there were only usually a small handful of other customers, the service was a tad slow, but not too terrible.\n\nThen some older gentleman started working there, and messed up one or both of our orders during each of our next 3 visits... I kid you not. Being vegetarian, I couldn't accept incorrect orders which included items I simply do not eat.\n\nThen karaoke began inside the restaurant... which I wasn't really that fond of. If I'm sober, I don't enjoy trying to dine while a bunch of drunk kids are singing terribly... and loudly.\n\nHere's the kicker: tonight, we gave it another go. The lady at the front seated us and gave us menus. We decided fairly quickly (repeat customers, remember?) and closed our menus. Then during the next 10 minutes or so, she proceeded to walk past us THREE TIMES, making eye contact, or smiling, each time. I even said \"hi...?\" once, and she never asked if we wanted water, or tea, or some other drinks, or if we were ready to order, or anything. She could have even said \"be with you in a moment.\" After the third time, another 5 minutes elapsed and I finally got pissed and walked out.\n\nIf quality service matters to you like it matters to me, I suggest you go elsewhere. I may go back for takeout at some point, but I don't plan on dining in at Minami again. The slow service makes me want to claw my eyes out.\n\nOn the other hand, if you are one of those really patient people who always says \"hey, give her a break, we haven't asked to order\" or some such nonsense, then maybe this place would be good for you. The food is good... reasonably to kinda-high priced. And the sake is cheap."
: "So if you are looking for a place to escape the hot weather, and are planning to sit out on a patio and take advantage of Happy Hour, then you have to go to Six Feet Under. We had just finished touring the Georgia Aquarium, (i know how touristy that sounds) and were ready to be refueled with food and since we happened to find happy hour priced drinks well we couldn't refuse. First off if you come here head upstairs for some of the best views of Atlanta in the city. The view is amazing and the patio is well decorated with wooden drink rails and and landscaped with tall grasses. For our drinks we started off with a peach Bellini and pomegranate margarita. The Bellini was the best that i have ever had, the peach puree was balanced with the perfect amount of champagne. I had the pomegranate margarita, and i have never had one made with this type of fruit juice before, and it worked well with the tequila. \nFor food we started with a gorgeous plate of oysters with lemon, seafood sauce and horseradish. The oysters were super fresh, i just wish that they were served with a mignonette. With that we also had the spicy seafood gazpacho with shrimp, squid and scallops. This was one of the most memorable dishes that i had in Atlanta. It is was so satisfying because it was so flavorful, the heat was there but not overwhelming, and there was such a bounty of seafood. \nOverall, if you want a place that serves up great food and drinks, provides a great vibe, and as a bonus has on of the best patios in the city, then you must head over to Six Feet Under."
: "Fun experience if you sit at the bar but the food wasn't terribly amazing. The thing that bothered me most is that the cook molds every plate of rice with his bare sweaty hands.  I'll pass.  The word on the block is that the place is lousy with roaches, my BFF recently tried to catch one under a glass.  So if that's what you're into you'll love it."
: "my favorite burger place in boston/cambridge by far\ntheir signature double cheeseburger tastes better than anything i'd ever tasted before and their fries are unbelievable too\nmy friends also love all the burgers (they have all kinds for all tastes) and the lobster roll as well\nanother great thing is that they've got some amazing beers on tap and they have a great jukebox that just adds to the great atmosphere of this place (big plus is the waitstaff too with their 'what can i get you hun' aura)\nswing by this place for some really amazing and inexpensive food"
: "I'm vegan, and a friend and I tried Shiva today for the first time. The manager came over to us, greeted us, and, after I told him I was vegan, named six or seven options! I wasn't sure, so he told me exactly what to order--and it was perfect! I got okra with onions and peppers, and it was soo tasty. I also got the chana masala, which was very spicy (I should have known!) but delicious. He gave us great wine recommendations, too. He even made sure I got whole wheat roti bread! Five stars for service and five stars for vegan-friendly food. I will definitely be coming back here very soon."
: "As a New Yorker with plenty of Jewish delis, why did I consider this place while on vacation?  Well, I love using restaurant.com certificates and saving money.    I guess if you haven't eaten in a real NY Jewish deli you won't know what you are missing but we did.  The little pickle barrel on the table is cute, but it should have whole pickles not just little pieces.  I ordered the stuffed cabbage and although the menu said it was with sweet and sour sauce there was no sauce on it and very bland.  The potato pancake it came with was good but it only came with one.  The big bowls of matzoh ball soups my family ordered were good along with my bowl of barley mushroom soup.  The challah bread basket is good also.  When you order a sandwich at a Jewish deli it is suppose to be overflowing in size, here it is not.  Had I not used a restaurant.com certificate I really would have been more disappointed."
: "Just had a really good lunch here. 1st time in. Had the special of the day: tempura fried shrimp tacos. Very tasty. Best part to me was the fries. Sooooo yummy!  I couldn't stop until I'd had all of them but a couple scraps. Not sure what was on them, but they alone will make me go back.\n\nOther dishes at my table (all were enjoyed) were the fish tacos, the salmon, & the chicken panini.\n\nCan't speak to apps or desserts b/c we didn't try any.\n\nService was good; drinks kept filled & she checked back on us a couple times.\n\nWill return!"
: "Best coffee in town! Good ambiance too."
: "If for some reason you decide to go to CPK and you're craving a salad, try the Miso Shrimp Salad! It has lots of different things mixed into it, but what I remember off the top of my head is the small shrimp, avocado, and edamame. It's definitely worth a shot if you're going for something light. The half size is about $11 and the full is about $15. I would definitely say to go with the full, since the portions are very generous, and just take the rest home and have it a couple hours later to make it worth it. I would definitely go back!\n\nps. I don't know if it's just me but for some reason every time I go there, they never bring out the complimentary bread unless we ask for it first."
: "Its alright for a burrito, nothing special, no special taste, but it opens late at night and is really good for those late night hungers. One things I use to like to order is the wet burrito, its huge and fills you up, but recently I found out that they microwave them, and I am not such a great fan of that. I guess if I wanted a wet burrito just splash some water on a regular burrito, stick it in the microwave and call it wet. There's also no flavor on their meat, it seems like they just cook it and thats it, plain as ever.\n\nThe one thing I do like is unlimited sauces, which are pretty good, they have a whole bunch you can choose from and take home, and they are really delicious."
: "A sad and strange comedy of errors from the moment I dropped off my vehicle.  The \"routine\" repair was supposed to take \"two or three days\" according to them.  Two days stretched into three, and then four and then a week.  Several times they called to inform me that the car was ready for pickup, only call hours later saying that it was nowhere near ready.\n\nThis confusing situation lasted two weeks until eventually, they admitted to me that the work was beyond their capabilities and they were going to subcontract the work to dealership.   \n\nTotal time under their care for a \"three day\" fix: three weeks and one day. \n\nTo their credit, they did pay for a rental car for me, but they returned the rental to the wrong location and I still haven't gotten my deposit back.  \n\nThey even screwed that up."
: "I tread lightly with this 5-star review but Buns is a pretty serious burger joint. The double veggie burger is absolutely heroic in both size and flavour. Far and away the best veggie burger I have had in 10+ years of eating them. Not to mention the HUGE portion of hand-cut fries you get as a 'combo'. Most places would sell the same portion as a 3$+ 'basket', not with a drink for another 1.50$! Pretty sure they have heard all your crazy concoctions before so order what you like (I suggest adding caramelized onions & slaw), sit down and wait for them to bring it over. Just do yourself a favour and practice your 'foil-on' technique when trying to stuff a double burger with chili, cheese, fried egg and avocado down your face."
: "I dont know how Raleighs was and I never spent any time in Berkeley but I met some friends here based on the beer available on tap.  I tried the fish and chips,and was pleasantly surprised by the food.  Others in my party were not disappointed either.  The staff was friendly, the music was lively but not too loud and the final tab was the icing on the cake.  $3 beers and an $11 meal brought my tab to just over $20.  Where can you get a bite to eat and 3 beers for that?"
: "I do not like Garcia's pizza very much! From the outside the place looks cute and very inviting but once you go inside you will think differently! The pizza is nothing to talk about and I would suggest going somewhere else!"
: "Mizu is my favorite place to go for a quick sushi lunch on Penn's campus. While it's not the best sushi you'll ever have, it's never very crowded around lunch time and they get the basics right--Philadelphia roll, etc. \n\nI like that it's not uncommon to have the entire place to yourself around lunch. The place is very small, and on average, there is usually one other table of people there whenever I go. \n\nThe waiter and waitress (the same people are there all the time) are very nice and efficient. The wait for food is never that long, and they will keep your water glass full. \n\nI would estimate that I eat here about once a month, and I am never disappointed. If you are super hungry, I recommend the Mizu roll (a huge roll consisting of a few different kinds of fish and coated in tobiko) and a regular roll, like an Alaska roll. It's rare that I can actually eat this combination because it's so much food, but it's tempting to order because it's so delicious. \n\nAnyway, if you want something upscale, go to Pod, but this this is your place for a casual sushi lunch at a leisurely pace."
: "Good place to do work. I wish they would change the music station to something less distracting. I love all the eclectic furniture; it makes for a fun place to work with the free wifi."
: "my boyfriend calls this place \"meat and water\", with good reason. the only real flavors in the pho come from the spices that are at your table, but if you flavor it enough, it can be really tasty and delicious. i really like coming here, it's incredibly inexpensive and has interesting food, but i feel like service can suffer when it's busier - i can always tell the difference in how my food is cooked (i.e. how raw the vegetables still taste) depending on whether the restaurant is busy or not (whether or not they're rushing my food out of the kitchen)."
: "Food is pretty good and is worth stopping by if you are in the area."
: "The last time I had handmade noodles was when I visited my ex-boyfriend back in my hometown and his mom never expected me there....\n\nGood times. \n\nThis place was so delicious. I ordered the Spicy Beef Noodle soup. Tell them to go easy on the hot oil, though. I thought I was drinking out of an oil well, ... a tasty oil well.\n\nI went a second time and got their Tomato-Egg Noodle soup and that was hen hao too. I only wish they had enough dumplings so that by the time I get there, I can try them. \n\nOh and some people tell me that she's the same woman who sells boxed lunches outside of CPE at 12 noon that get sold out in 10 minutes...\n\n$6/bowl. Cash only."
: "To preface: I am an out-of-towner. I do not go to UNC, so I don't think I can appreciate Time-Out as much as others!\n\nI was here in Chapel Hill earlier this summer for an internship and always seemed to be hungry late at night. Being the Yelp-ninja that I am, I began to look through reviews of local restaurants that are open later at night. What surprised me was the lack of Yelping in the South! It might be the Californian in me talking, but this is most definitely a problem.\n\nNot to worry, however! I had just seen an episode of Man v. Food on the Travel Channel and the episode of the Research Triangle came on. They featured a Carolina BBQ joint in Raleigh, a Chili Dog place in Durham, and Time-Out in Chapel Hill. The featured item on the menu that episode was the Tar Heel Favorite: the fried chicken biscuit. \n\nThe show made it sound and look so good that I had to try it. It was under $5, which fit the bill quite nicely, and, although not a meager amount of food, was not enough to trounce my appetite. On the side, I ordered fried okra and grits. \n\nThe chicken was seasoned a bit, but it was definitely on the saltier side. The crunch was almost perfect! It had been double breaded (I think) and fried to perfection. I'm also getting I got a pretty fresh batch because I was still able to see hot oil on the chicken before it had set under the heat lamp. The okra and grits weren't anything spectacular, but it fit the meal quite well. I ordered a sweet tea on the side to wash everything down--it could have been sweeter, but it was still pretty delish.\n\nI'm coming back to Chapel Hill this weekend and will try to come back and try some other things here.\n\nAll in all, I would rate this a 3.5, mainly because food did take a while to prepare somehow (most of the items, like the okra and grits had run out in the front), the tables weren't wiped down before I ate, and some of the customers seemed like typical meatheads that night.\n\nDefinitely a good place to eat afterhours, though!"
: "If Ii were to get one chance at ordering a coffee or a chocolate milkshake, I would order it from Courier Cafe. Even though it's an old fashioned kind of spot; as in, old carpet, old(er) waitresses who may or may not be friendly, and old silverware. But there's nothing like a good old fashioned milkshake that's too think to get through a straw, and comes with the overflow in the metal mixing cup. Even on a cold winter day, I'll make my way over to the Courier Cafe. Any self-respecting milkshake connoisseur might do the same."
: "Went here with a friend a couple of weeks ago, and we had a blast! The bar is nice but not pretentious. DJ plays great music, and there was plenty room to dance. Best part was the habanero vodka! Bartender made some really amazing drinks. I noticed the HH menu lasts until 8, so I'll have to check it out during the week sometime. \n\nOnly thing that would make this place better is a steak night (wed night pls, doesn't seem to be many good options on wed). Other than that, this will definitely be my go to bar. Overall, great place to be comfortable and have some fun!"
: "As a Junior at UMD, I'm already used to lowering my standards and 'holding off' on treating myself on waxing, nails, or hair until I'm back in hometown Rockville. Basically, if I don't look like a wilderbeast by thanksgiving I consider it a god send. First world struggles.. I know.\n\nBut let me tell you how this all changed when I found Revo nails and especially the sweetest person in the whole world, Natalie!\n\nI've been to a couple of places around college park effect I decided to take advantage of the deal they had running on Mani-pedis during the summer.  ($25 for both)  Just after entering the salon I knew I had found my golden ticket to paradise and a really good reason to skip Chem in the afternoons. *cough*\n\nI was extremely lucky I had met Natalie the first time I was there. If there was ever a woman that took pride in her work (to the point of being a perfectionist) and is the nicest, warmest person you've ever met.. Well it's her. I don't mean to sice but she has to know it as she already has a following.\n\nShe, and the other nail techs, always take time, pride, and attention into their work. They have never failed to impress me with the standard that they have set--not for just icky college park but everywhere.\n\nThe salon itself is always spotless. Modern decor and a good selection of quality nail polish (OPI, Essie) are one of the first things I look for when selecting the place.  My nails always last forever which is a nod to the quality of service since I'm always working with my hands when you're in lab 12 hours a week. In my opinion, they have a wide selection in the quality brands. I'm glad they don't waste space with polish that chips in 2 days.\n\nIf you're a pedi junky, you'll be in for a treat. 8 huge, comfy leather massage chairs send you into heaven and ensure you won't have to wait. I don't mean for this to start sounding like a bad porno but it's a pair of firm hands during the leg massage waiting for me almost mak me cry for joy.\n\nWax, nails, masseuse. Get it all here. Some tip I would give is go in the weekdays if you want to get out of there fast. This salon is almost always packed since it's the best and right near S. Campus. Call ahead to schedule. If not, they're happy to take walk-ins as long as you don't mind waiting. Max parking is 1 hr so I recommend parking next to Ledo So you don't have to feed the meter right in the middle. Everyone here is great, highly recommend this salon.  Thanks Revo for keeping me sane and keeping me somewhat attractive to the opposite sex."
: "Well I have lived in La Verne since 1994 and I have drove by this place several times within that time but have never dined there until now.  I have a friend who loves this place and she raves about it.  So with my trusty entertainment book my husband and I ventured out to the lovely Claremont looking for a place to eat one Thursday night and we decided to give it a try at Buca. First I will say the food was acceptable, We ordered the ravioli. We also had the spinach and mozzarella salad which was ok. We had the super cheesy bread which was fantastic.  I did however, find that the small portions are not enough for the money.  I usually have food to take home when I visit most Restaurants but not here. I did not like that.  Also the prices were very high.  I even used a 10$ off coupon and with what I ordered, and drinks the bill was still like 55$ with tip. NOT IMPRESSED. I will be going back to order some other dishes though..I have to try the meatballs!!! .LOL"
: "I attribute this place to making me less zombie-like for nearly four years and providing a much needed jolt before late night sessions hitting the books.  \n\nQuality = Strong.. I've had their house coffee, mocha bianca, cafe latte, etc.  \n\nLocation = Prime.  Corner of Bancroft/College, doesn't really get much better than that.\n\nAmbiance = Perfect cafe setting, cute/quaint vibe.  Definitely feels one-of-a-kind.  You'll find friends catching up, students studying/Facebooking, people lost in novels.  I am a big fan of their outdoor patio seating.  There is limited seating inside.\n\nDownsides = \n+ Wifi:  What Wifi? I spent half an hour  tinkering with their WiFi with no success. To be fair, the only times I tried their Internet was during Finals week when the place was jam-packed.\n+ Cash only"
: "AT & T U-verse has its good and bad points.  Compared to service- cox is much better.  Sometimes it doesn't work and if its after hours you have to call India or the Philippines.  They dont understand a word you are saying and you cant understand them.  They keep asking you the same questions from their prompts that have nothing to do with what you need help with.  When you do get someone over here, they charge you fifty bucks to come out and help you, even if it is a problem with their router.  Because it is DSL, the internet sometimes runs super slow.  When you complain, nothing happens.  They don't care, they have a new sucker signing up every day.  The only good thing is, you can record more than one show at a time, up to four non HD shows.  If not for that, and the fact that we don't have to have cable jacks in every room in order to have cable in every room, it would be gone."
: "What a meal! \n\nI was in Austin for the weekend and stopped here more or less at random for a nice dinner with family. Every part of the meal was excellent, well-prepared, and extremely creative. Combinations I'd never imagined would work (seared escolar with blueberry puree? Goat cheese cheesecake with cilantro?) and simply strange creations (smoked apricot risotto? Toast sorbet?) were all delicious. The service was very attentive, though the kitchen seemed a tad slow. We were lingering with family over drinks, coffee, etc, so nobody really minded. Besides, you can't rush this food. I can't remember the last time I had a meal that was so consistently good from start to finish for everyone at the table. Highly recommended."
: "I just realized, that Ralphs is .4 miles away from my apt. Oops. I suppose my New Year's Resolution will be to stop driving there and walk or jog instead. \n\nI usually just grab a couple things at a time when I go to make my fridge or cabinets more complete. I'm a college kid, I don't need much to fill my broke stomach. I don't like however, that when I really need something, for example, milk, sometimes they will have empty shelves. Really? Milk? It's such a staple in my life, I NEED IT.\n\nJust would like to say, I love going really late to see all the other fellow college students in their pjs and glasses raiding the alcohol section. It's always funny to see the Natty Ice and Keystone packs cleared out on a Thursday or Friday night. SO FUNNY."
: "If there was a rating between two and three stars, that would be my rating. I had high hopes for this place.  It is in on a really beautiful street in the heart of Shadyside.  When you walk in, the ambiance is very promising.  The restaurant is decorated for the holidays with very nice soft lighting and had a delightful aroma. \n\nThe service left a lot to be desired.  We ordered the special of the day as an appetizer. This  was a ravioli with mushrooms and gorgonzola cheese.  Very tasty, but just a tad too al dente for me.  For our entrees, the others in my party had the spaghetti and giant meat ball and the salmon.  I had the eggplant rolotini.  The home made pasta was a little overcooked, sauce needed some punch and the meatball was rubbery.  The salmon, again, not very crispy.   The eggplant, which I like to order, was under done.  It was actually crunchy.  But there was a very nice blend of cheeses on the eggplant, so it wasn't entirely bad.\n\nThe best part of the meal was dessert.  We ordered a slice of the amaretto cake which we split.  Very yummy!\n\nAll in all, before we paid the check, we decided that we wouldn't have to return.  This is when our server announced that he had a surprise for us since we had made a reservation for tonight.  The surprise was that they gave each of us a gift card with a surprise denomination from anywhere from $5 to $20.  We would find out when we redeemed them next time we have dinner there.  Hmmm.  Not sure if we'll use them."
: "Simple - get the tri-tip."
: "The owner of this place uses the same bread as Kool Korners did, and makes their Cubans pretty close to the way Kool Korners did. Like a previous Yelper said, he encourages the comparison.\n\nThe covered patio area is dog friendly,Fresh jalapenos vs. canned which is awesome. They earn the 4th star for their veggie, which is the best bet at $3, especially if you get it pressed a little longer than normal so the extra toasted outside can hold its form a little longer against the mojo. \n\nThe sandwich is made for immediate consumption, as it does get soggy from the mojo, which is not as tangy as Kool Korners' mojo. \n\nAn adequate replacement for trying to fill such big shoes."
: "This place has great sushi for being landlocked in the Midwest.  I ordered the Spicy tuna and Philadelphia rolls.  Both were tasty, as was the included extras.  Service was friendly and prompt.  I'v have had much better sushi, but that was in California.  This is about on par with some Chicago sushi I have had, which is still pretty good!  Pretty good prices for a rolls, too."
: "This isn't your typical hot dog stand.\n\nI tried both the Chicken 'n' Mango and the Poultry, Chile, and Cilantro and both were excellent although I liked the latter a bit more (both with grilled onions and peppers). I was greedy and thought that the combo wouldn't be filling enough but it is definitely enough food, especially for the price. \n\nThe fries were cooked perfectly and had a just enough seasoning. The cook was friendly and gave me a big heap of fries."
: "A lot of hype? Yes. \nA long line? To be expected for likely the first month. \n\nWorth it? Definitely. SUPER moist, not overfrosted like Icing on the Cake in Los Gatos, and fantastic flavors.   All the girls behind the counter were extremely friendly with big smiles. I think that speaks volumes considering how many disgruntled people they probably had walking through all day with the lines.\n\nWaiting in line for almost an hour on a Sunday afternoon only increased the amount of cupcakes that I purchased. I arrived with the notion of 6 and walked out with a dozen."
: "I went in between meetings in Kendall Square. Sat at the bar. Had some iced tea, free wifi, and their MEZZE BAR (three for $12). It was big enough to eat as a meal. I chose the Spiced Carrot Puree, Whipped Celery Root w/ dates & goat cheese, and hummus with lamb and pine nuts. The carrot puree was like dessert - delish! And anyplace that has \"whipped celery root\" is my friend. Bartender was nice, friendly, yet left me alone when I wanted him to. He recommended their selection of burgers for next time, plus said they have a daily deviled egg variation. \n\nWith all the start ups (aka still low on funds) in the Cambridge Innovation Center at One Broadway, this hip, trendy restaurant with quality food at very reasonable prices is perfectly situated for professional, classy wining and dining. Bravo!"
: "Trivia question: when you go to Baskin Robbins 31 Flavors, how many flavors do they have out for you to choose from?\n\nThat's right, 31.\n\nNow, let's continue on with that thread.  When you go to 21 Choices Frozen Yogurt, how many choices do THEY have out for you to choose from?\n\nNot 21! \n\n6.\n\nLook, did me and all the other reviewers even go to the same place?  I'll be up front here and admit that I like the tart stuff, a la Pinkberry.  Which is clearly not what this place serves.  But I like ice cream too, and candy.  I am an unbiased liker of things that taste good, by which I mean: don't taste like chemicals, don't taste like artificial sweeteners, and don't taste like stuff that isn't supposed to be an ingredient in food.  21 Choices' yogurt tasted like all of the above.\n\nI sampled the yogurt before I bought any, luckily.  I tried some kind of mint oreo, a raspberry or strawberry with something else, and finally, vanilla, to see if maybe their failing was too many ingredients and something simple would be better.  No.  The vanilla tasted fake, the mint oreo tasted like bad coffee, and the raspberry tasted like Froot Loops.  All came complete with ice crystals everywhere.\n\n(I went to their website just now to look up the exact names of the flavors I tried, and not only do they not post a menu of all their flavors - just whatever the daily ones are - but as I clicked around, looking for the elusive menu, 21choices .com crashed my browser.)\n\nAnyway, as I stood there in shock about the awful things that were going on in my mouth, and then tried to tell the cashier I didn't like it, so wouldn't be ordering, in the most inoffensive way possible, she asked, 'Oh, is this your first time eating frozen yogurt?'... as if the reason I thought it was bad was because I knew nothing of the joys of the froyo.\n\nNo.  I've had tons of frozen yogurt.  It's just bad because it sucks.\n\nLook, I felt guilty about saying that because the cashiers were so perky and friendly, but seriously.  Bad.  My mom was there too and she was making the same face as me.\n\nDan ended up getting a Butterfinger something-or-other with sprinkles and Heath Bars rolled in.  Oh, this would be a good time to interject that, on its website, before it crashed, 21 Choices told me it made all its yogurt with only 'wholesome & organic' ingredients.  Really?  Where do Butterfingers fit into that equation?"
: "Linnaea's you have my heart!\n\nAbsolutely my favorite place to go when I'm back in my hometown of SLO! Local art on the walls, local singer songwriters, local jazz on Tuesdays and really good dinner on certain nights of the week,\nThere are a couple really good times to go to Linnaea's. The first is Tuesday night. Thats Tamale night and they're tamales are really good. They taste homemade, and are filled with cheese and green pepper. I usually order a mug of coffee with it (they brew a mean cup) which barely comes to be over 6 bucks. Then sit with friends enjoy your fresh food and coffee and listen to a local Jazz quartet. \nMondays are great too. Thats waffle night and who doesn't love breakfast for dinner? No one. Thats who. \nOne top of the food though, the espresso is great. I used to work for Starbucks and the espresso at Linnaea's is just so much better. I've had a plethora of drinks there but I recommend just a plain Latte or Cappuccino if you like the test of velvet foam and delicious, creamy, espresso. If you want something sweet, their vanilla chai, caramel, and coconut lattes are to die for. I also recommend the vegan chocolate cake.\n\nNow I don't want this to go on forever, but I need to talk about the atmosphere as well. Its so home-like and nice. The baristas are friendly and know what they're doing and theres always interesting people there.   Take a friend. This is SLO's best coffee shop in town."
: "I'm a little bit torn when it comes to this place.  I'm all about atmosphere but it was just a little too much literally not rubbing by banging elbows with the dude next to me while crushed into a table with about 60 strangers.\n\nI understand the draw of this place.  C'mon, a HUGE selection of burgers all named after celebrities?  How could it not be fun?  Just a lttle too much for me but I know I would have LOVED it in my college days which probably explains its success in Harvard Square.  The food IS good, just not worth the wait and struggle for space in my opinion.  It might be more fun with a large group of friends.  \n\nNot hurrying back but probably won't stay away forever either."
: "The moment you walk in you'll notice the modern feel that's colorless. Unless you have good company, that atmosphere becomes boredom because the service was very elementary poor.  \n\nThe 3 types of bread is a wonderful compliment but the waitstaff to refill your water leaves you parched.  You'll notice them walk around only filling one glass and leaves everybody near empty.  It took about 10min to finally order and about another good 10 min before I actually received my first cocktail drink.   I ordered 4 apps and the whole wasted experience dragged on for  2 hours.  \n\nThe foie gras torchon is skimpy on the foie for $17 but makes up for the sour cherry and brioche.  The sardines were wonderful.  \n\nThe following two apps were a disaster.  The cavatelli had very little king crab to even notice.  The pasta was al dente however there was no sauce which left a dry mouth and having no water, I was really parched.  I asked for more sauce and got a version that was so salty is was inedible.  \n\nI was disgusted and hoped my short rib was better.  NOPE.  The sauce the short rib came on was congealed and not a reduction.  Some person, with long blond hair (should've been modeling and not preparing food) I guess \"prep cook\" came out and asked if I liked it, I said it looked like jello, he said, that's how it is prepared.  I have never seen a short rib dish prepared with sauce that is so congealed when you brush it with your fork, it becomes a glob of jello.  This was definitely not a form of molecular gastronomy if you ask Chef Wiley Dufresne. This was too much arrowroot or flour used.   \n\nI hope Chef Anderson doesn't bring tonight's cook with him when he cooks at the James Beard House in July.  \n\nTonight, June 25, the failed sauces for both apps doomed the hype of this restaurant, highly rated by Zagats and NJ Monthly.  \n\nI'm not a chef but I know how good food is prepared.  I've eaten at probably 75% of the James Beard / Michelin Star winners.   A friend has eaten there and says it's good.  I guess it's just not consistent.  \n\nIt's definitely not worth the hour drive to Princeton to experience hit/miss food.  Fine dining should not be this way.  Yes...I've driven 2 1/2 hrs to eat at Arrows Restaurant in Ogunquit, ME, stopping by Portland for the day, and was not disappointed by the James Beard Chef Finalists as I was driving home late at night.  Call me crazy, but I search for exquisite food.  \n\nBTW, the wine pour is a crime to charge mid teens prices for a 3oz pour."
: "Huh.  Based on the other reviews here, I have apparently completely missed the boat on Momoko.\n\nI LOVE bubble tea.  It's one of those things that never fails to make me feel happier after I've consumed it.  So I thought it would be a no-brainer that I would love Momoko.\n\nBut I'm just not feeling this one.  First of all, all the signs hanging everywhere around the store warning me not to shoplift and telling me that if I break or open something, I should consider myself having bought it, seemed extremely unfriendly to me.  Yes, they have adorable Japanese toys.  And yes, there was very upbeat (almost too upbeat) Japanese pop music to go with it.  But the attitude of the multitude of negative/threatening signs (no photography?  really?) just seemed like a total downer to me.\n\nSo we get to the menu, which, as others have mentioned, is overwhelmingly huge and barely corralled by a big three-ring binder.  And the descriptions are totally confusing, e.g., \"Eye of the Tiger - you WILL be eye of the tiger after you drinking this!  The taste of the forest will awaken you!\"  Um...huh?  I wouldn't have minded asking about a few of the descriptions, but a large percentage of the menu is similarly vague (I made that one up, by the way - but you get the idea).  Plus, it would not have done me much good to ask, because I could not for the life of me understand the very sweet (but very difficult to decipher) woman behind the counter.  And I grew up with a dad who spoke English as a second language, and a grandmother who barely spoke English at all, so that's saying something.\n\nI got Sweet November, and I was not overwhelmed by it.  It was obviously made from a powder, and I could taste the powdery flavor, which is something I just don't like.  Also, the boba were realllllly soft - more like the texture of jelly - and I like my boba a little more al dente.  Finally, there was a TON of ice in my drink, and it wasn't crushed, which makes it harder to snag the boba and also made me feel like I got about 3 oz of tea.  To top it off, the drinks here run between $4-$5.50 or so if you want boba and/or milk, which is at least a buck more than Coco's.\n\nI did like the sticker collection that featured both the sushi AND cheeseburgers in the same package.  Now there's some pop culture for you!\n\nBut, cute stickers and Japanese gear aside, if it were up to me, I'd just as soon have Mo' Coco's than Momoko."
: "What is it with girls and cupcakes?  My wife and her friends are all about Kara's cupcakes but I don't get it.  When it comes to delicious desserts, there are a lot of choices out there that I think are preferable to a cupcake.  But for some reason -- girls like them.  I can prove that I'm not stereotyping females in this regard.  If you walk into Kara's on any day, you will see a long line of women, sometimes in mobs, but never a man, except the occasional partner standing next to his spouse or girlfriend who is in line to get cupcakes. \n\nMy wife has fed me quite a few Kara's cupcakes to try and convert me to them, but for me, I still prefer most other desserts, like cheese cake, or chocolate chip cookies, or creme puffs, or real chocolate cake, or donut holes, or a chocolate bar to Kara's cupcakes.\n\nAnd these cupcakes are way too expensive from a dollars to deliciousness ratio. \n\nKara's is located in the Town & Country shopping center close to the El Camino entrance to the parking lot."
: "My family has been coming to Chaparral Pet Hospital since the 1980s -- the days of Wally, the fattest cat I've ever seen.  My parents stayed on when the ownership changed to Dr McDowell, and they have been very, very happy with her as the vet for the family's various animals, from dogs to hamsters -- which is why I was so disappointed by my experiences there when I brought my dog in to be neutered, three years ago.\n\nFirst, I was dismayed to have absolutely no contact with the vet regarding post-op care.  There were simply no instructions at all.  I explained that this was my very first time owning a dog for whom I was solely responsible, and asked how to take care of him following his neuter, and the receptionist looked at me blankly.  She walked to the back of the clinic, then returned and told me not to let him outside for 7-10 days.  I asked her if she meant that I shouldn't let him run freely, or if she truly was saying that I should not take him out for even short walks for a week to 10 days.  She affirmed that it was the latter, and then went back to chatting on the phone.  I waited for her to finish her conversation (which was not business-related) and asked if there was anything else I should know or do.  She sighed and said that I should probably not feed him... for at least three days.  Not sure where she came up with that, but it seemed like she might have made it up!\n\nHmm....  I may not have had my own dog before, but I knew enough to realize that this was just nonsense.  I took the dog and went home, where I convened with my mother, read a dog book, and got my pooch through the post-surgical period just fine, without following this absolutely ludicrous advice.  Still, it would have been really helpful to have had a sentence or two from the vet, particularly as she knew this was my first time with my own dog, and it can be a bit nerve-wracking when they have even a basic surgery.\n\nThe real problems began when a vet tech employed at Chaparral offered her services as an obedience trainer (not through the clinic, but as her own, private gig), which I at first gladly accepted.  Once she made it clear that she insisted that a chain choke collar be worn at all times during the training, I decided that my 14 lb bichon would be better served with positive training techniques.  She derided that opinion, insisting that choke collars were absolutely necessary.  (Just to be clear, her policy was not based on my dog's behavior, but on her stated belief that all dogs must wear choke chain collars at all times during training so that they can be controlled.)  OK, everyone is entitled to have his or her own thoughts on dog training, but the problem was that from then on, any time I went by Chaparral, this employee was openly hostile.  \n\nIf I went by with members of my family to purchase heartworm medication, or something like that, she would be noticeably rude, to the point that it was uncomfortable for everyone.  My parents previously loved going to Chaparral, and loved how this staff member interacted with their own dog, but her unprofessional behavior toward me -- I guess because I didn't want to put a choke chain on my small, well-behaved dog? -- was so strange and awkward that it made all of us rethink the professional standards at Chaparral.  Dr McDowell saw this employee being openly rude and hostile, and either did not care or (more likely) did not notice.  I think that's a problem.\n\nI live in Riverside now, so I have another vet, but my parents are still at Chaparral.  On the positive side, I think the vet tech who loves choke chains has moved on."
: "The Dish is a big disappointment.  I used to go up and run there 20 years ago- back when the path was dirt and not a paved highway.  It is very crowded and dogs are not allowed- even on a leash.  Sure you can see the bay but there are so many better places to enjoy scenery without all the regulations and checkpoints that are now in place.  \nAll you folks who love it will be happy that at least one person will not be back..."
: "I went to there to see a friend of mine and ordered the food there. We had (1) Baked Pork and Fish Rice and (2) Baked Portuguese Chicken Rice and two pearl teas. \n\nThe price is alright and about $10 a head. However, the quality of the food is so so."
: "Carly has colored and cut my hair a half dozen times, she does a nice job.  I have brown hair with a good bit of grey needing to be covered, and she did a good job of listening to my request of finding a color close to my natural color but on the lighter side.  Most stylist go way too dark in order to cover they grey, and it's way too severe looking on me.  She has fair and reasonable rates too.  Only complaint I have is she is getting hard to get appointments with now that she built up a following."
: "A few couples (along with my husband)and I went to Hungry's for Sunday Brunch yesterday. They were so accommodating in securing us a table with a fixed waiter and there were no issues with the check either! One per couple! I loved how their service is impeccable both in person and on the phone. I was impressed by how kind they are in accommodating large groups and specific requests.\n\nThe food was pretty great too! I had a Garden Omelet and my husband had some sort of omelet with steak. He loves steak and will try to get it in any meal at any time. Around the table I saw many with Belgium waffles and the Southwestern Omelet. There were smiles all the way around, which I assume means happy tummies! \n\nThe parking situation wasn't bad. We really appreciated the valet parking as parking in Rice Village on a Sunday can be a nightmare.\n\nOverall, the place was affordable and just efficient. Two things we always appreciated. We definitely will keep Hungry's in mind the next time we need to take a large group out!"
: "I was so excited to try this restaurant, because I was so disappointed with any of the other Thai food in the Princeton vicinity, and I LOVE Thai food. And sure enough, I was pleasantly surprised at how yummy their dishes were. I really enjoy their yellow curry, phad Thai, Phad Se yew, Tom Yum Goong, Chicken satay, and although not on the menu... they still have it if you ask... Tod Mun (fish cakes). And of course you have to order their Thai ice tea or coffee. For dessert, I have tried almost everything, and their sticky rice may sound odd to some of you, but it is really delightful. One thing that I have to say is that their portions seem to be just right for me... so if you are looking for leftovers, you probably won't have any, which is great for your lunchers who are coming from work and don't have to feel guilted into bringing garlicky/stinky leftovers back with you to work. Anyhow, you really should try it. Also, I have a baby and they are always really sweet to her when we come in and don't mind the little napkin piles we accidentally leave behind...oops."
: "You know you're in Harlem when there's oil sheen spray on the vanity counter in the restroom. Talk about keeping it 100! My curls were extra moisturized all night long so thanks for that! \n\nCame here with co-workers for an after work shindig and was enamored with the huge space and decor. Harlem Tavern is mostly a sit down affair with a mix of dining tables and counters with bar stools. No dancing, or uptempo music that will encourage you to do so. Despite the chill setting, noise levels can get pretty loud if the house is full. HT is family friendly so watch the cussing!  \n\nAs for food, I was pleased with the Provencal Ratatouille appetizer [chick pea puree, grilled Mediterranean vegetables, pecorino, mozzarella on top of flatbread. $10 and delish!] The real winner though was the sweet potato fries [$5]. Get it, eat it, love it! \n\nThe restroom is unisex so be careful when you're giving your homegirls an update on the fine or not so fine honey that's chatting you up.\n\nOverall a cool place to come with your peeps if you're looking for something chill to do...or get a hankering for sweet potato fries."
: "A friend and I were in Providence last April for a series of workshops at the nearby Roots Cafe, and we took a very short walk here for breakfast.  I love me some cute little cafes.  This place is so nice...the guys behind the counter were very friendly and it's nice and quiet, with some lovely window seating.  My plain toasted bagel with hummus was crisp on the outside and soft and yummy inside.  The Mexican Mocha was delicious...just a touch of cinnamon and cayenne, not at all hot or spicy, but with a slight kick of an aftertaste that lingers pleasantly.  The coffee was fresh ground and very smooth..not at all bitter, I didn't add a thing to it.  My friend raved about her lemon blueberry muffin and orange blossom white tea (iced).  We'll be back for lunch!  Definitely coming back when I'm in town again."
: "Such a great, eclectic craft fair.  Lots of great unique gifts and not too overwhelming.  I try to go every year.  Definitely recommend!"
: "Went here for dinner on the July 3rd after two other restaurants I attempted to go to were closed -- and happily, this ended up being a great third choice.  The food came quickly and were spaced out nicely -- appetizers eaten, the entrees quickly appeared.  And everything was tasty -- very much so.  The curry wasn't as spicy as I like it, but it was still quite good, and the naan was chewy and good as well.  The Masala Dosai we had to start was flavorful and yummy.  After a day in the sun and swimming at Walden Pond, it was a perfectly huge meal, and it didn't come close to breaking the bank.  I'll definitely go again!\n\nUPDATE: Tasty lunch buffet as well!  Yum."
: "I was going to do a show the day I went in to the shop needed to get some work done on a american deluxe telecaster when i was helped by jeff really cool and mellow guy he set up what i needed was to lower the action in about twenty min. and helped me out on some technical aspects of the emg pick ups it had. in the end great service and knowledge way better than guitar center thanks."
: "I don't even care if Potbelly is a chain.  I'm still going to review it.\n\nThe perfect sandwich: The Vegetarian, on wheat, with everything except oil.  Toasted.  \n\nSeriously, people: What's not to love about mushrooms, melted cheese, and hot peppers on a sandwich whose bread is toasted?"
: "I have a love-hate relationship with this place. The place used to be a Mexican buffet restaurant years and years ago when my dad was still in college, but then Aruffo's bought the place and it is what you see today.\n\n1) The same waiters have been working there ever since I was in high school. There's this bald-ish one, who I guess after years of service in a pretentious Italian restaurant... has gotten ahead of himself and likes to be pretty smug with the customers - especially those that appear to be 30 years old or under. The other one with the full head of hair and a constant 5-o'clock shadow, he's always been cool.\n2) They make chocolate creme brulee (my favorite)... BUT!  They refused to make it for many years and now have decided to only make it when I'm out of town or when they do make it when I'm in town... the torch that makes the yummy crust of the creme brulee is broken :(\n3) The food is decent. It's nothing super special or out of this world, but it is yummy. Sometimes its hit or miss. :/\n4) The best part about this place is the bread they serve you when you're first seated. You'll NEVER get bread like that at any other restaurant. It's soft and moist, and they make it with this tomato sauce on top of it. You dip it into oil and vinegar... omg... yummy!"
: "Fast, Fresh, Fabulous!\n\nYummy savory - Fresh spinach, Cheddar, Turkey, Sundried Tomatoes... if you ask they'll put more spinach and less cheese; makes you feel better about yourself but it's stills tasty\n\nYummy sweet - Nutella & Strawberries, 'nuff said\n\nNote: the big chickeny one, forgot the name, is a little messy. it's been stewing, and tastes great, just gets drippy.\n\n...If you want savory & sweet and would be too full with both, but got a friend around... ask to split. They're nice like that =)"
: "SLO seems like more like a beef town than sea food, but it is nice to see some asian influences coming to this town.  I would rate this place average in quality.  \n\nWe had the spider and california roll and sesame chicken.  I was expecting the chicken to be cooked crisp and not in a chinese style sause.\n\nThe portion size for the sushi is very good.  A little larger than normal, but I would trade this for a better quality of fish.  \n\nWhat keeps this place rating higher is what you unexpectedly get when ordering.  It might be a matter of creativity, but I felt it deviated sometimes.\n\nI saw some gripes about the service, but coming here on New Year's Eve, I thought they handled it well.  The place was packed, but we were served promptly and the waitress did check up on us. \n\nWhile eating, I kept on thinking this place would make a great Korean BBQ place."
: "i actually went back and got a christmas present for someone.  i am a plant killer and the owner gave me a pep talk that i could do it and that all i had to do was put it some place with some sun light and water it once or twice.  are the creations a little pricy upon first glance? yes, but they are each their own thoughtfully created piece of art.  they will even do exchanges of live plants!  \n\nand from what i understand there has been no catastrophic mass death even after i touched stuff in the store twice.\n\nThis place is awesome."
: "I went for dinner with a big group and we had a lot of food. The strip was great. So were the cocktails. There were lost of crazy meat apps that were a little light on variety- flavor wise. This was a great meal, but not the best. I'll try it for lunch."
: "I must admit the crepes here are quite tasty, very reminiscent of ones I have had in France and I especially appreciate the fresh green salad that accompanies some.\n\nThat said, their seating system is quite confusing upon the first visit.  They won't take your order unless there is an open table.  Makes sense, unless there are clueless people in front of you who had half their party sit at the last open table... gridlock.\n\nAnyhow, quite a lovely experience but I'm not sure it was enough to lure me back to the dark side, also known as Walnut st (or Shadyside in general), all too often."
: "Really, this place has 4.5 stars out of 5, with more than 30 people reporting back so far? I went on a Thursday evening with a friend. Here's the deal:\n\nFOOD: Not bad, but not great, and so overpriced. Small plates $5.50, or 3/$15? Sure! Except here's what we got: (1) beef tongue crostini, well-cooked tongue totally overpowered by capers, on crostini that was chewy (generally happens to microwaved bread...just saying); (2) green bean and potato salad with a tasty pesto and green olives, about a 3/4 c serving; (3) minted whole grain salad, mostly grain, and definitely less than 3/4 c serving. Five. Dollars. And. Fifty. Cents. For. A. Plate. The. Size. Of. My. Hand. I eat a lot of small plates/tapas--love the meal experience it provides--and this is way overpriced for what you get.\n\nPIZZA: (Yes, I know this is also food.) The big draw of this place is the wood-fired oven pizza. The crust was nice, though not so thin nor crunchy as I expected from such a rig, and the $14 pie was barely enough for me and my friend even with our measly 3 small plates. We had the fennel sausage and hot pepper pie--sounded delicious, and it was okay, but was sooooooooooooo cheap with the main ingredients. Good (not too sweet) sauce.\n\nDRINK: Area 4 in Cambridge is the most diverse section of the city. It is also the poorest. I find it *offensive* that not a beer on the tiny list  costs less than $6/pint. Also, when I ask you, Waiter, to describe one of those eight or so beers to me, I don't want to hear \"I haven't tried it\". I mean, I don't want you to lie. I want you to have tried it. Because there are literally fewer than TEN BEERS on your effing beer list. If for some reason you can't do this, offer me a sample. It's on tap. Seriously.\n\nSERVICE: Inexplicably hostile hostess. Seated at a long \"common table\" when it soon became painfully obvious that most other, private, tables were empty. Nice waiter, but the beer issue bothered me. Also, when we made a comment about how totally capered-out the beef tongue was, he said, \"Oh yeah, the chef really likes capers.\" Yeah? So do I. But I also like beef tongue, and I get peeved when I can't taste the $2.50 morsel I ordered. That would buy me a whole JAR of capers.\n\nAMBIENCE: I love parts of the decor (the exposed kitchen passthrough that doubles as chopped wood storage is gorgeous), but at a high-top table that seats like 10 people, in a brand-new place with custom furniture, you couldn't swing bag/coat hooks anywhere? Really? With backless stools? Also definitely has a little personality disorder viz. cafe/bar. \n\nIn sum: I may check it out again in a few months...but I may not. There's a lot of awesome places to eat around here, and they gave me zero reason to go back."
: "Try finding a key for a \"74 Chevy ANYWHERE. The big box boys may  have an ignition key, but the door key, Fugedaboudit. This was the 5th place I tried, hell even Hardwicks didn't have my key. \n\nLee's had what I needed and at $6.50 a key, I got two. Who-the-heck knows when you are going to lose one set. \n\nSuper fast and friendly too. \n\nThanks Lee's!"
: "I've been to Noah's Bagels a few times. It's not my favorite place to eat, but I have no problem with their food. I usually just get a bagel and some tea or something. Today I got a bagel box for a group and it was a fairly cheap way to get breakfast for a good number of people.\n\nThings to know: their bagels are quite soft unless toasted, which isn't unpleasant but I don't find it particularly appealing either. What IS quite good is the cream cheese they have. It is very soft and spreads well. I have tried regular and strawberry.\n\nOh - one more thing to note: I am not crazy about the fact that the menu on their web site does not have any prices on it. I can imagine that the prices fluctuate from branch to branch, but I still find it quite frustrating to be unable to estimate the cost of the food."
: "Arguably one the best Mexican restaurants in Princeton, but still not fantastic by any means.  Their dishes are overly cheesy and sauced, just like they do at the chain restaurants... not authentic at all.  The food is pretty good, just NOT authentic.  If you want authentic, try Viva Mexico in Flemington.\n\nThey only take cash and parking is a pain.  I'd rather eat at Taste of Mexico."
: "Wawa overall is pretty good, but this location leaves a lot to be desired.  If you are there at night and are hoping to get a stuffed pretzel, forget it.  This Wawa only ever stocks the heated tray items twice per day: Breakfast an Lunch.  The Deli almost always forgets an item for your sandwich, and the workers are not theist friedly people.\n\nBesides those two quibbles, this is a typical Wawa."
: "This was my first visit to Trabant and it was great overall.  It is located in the University District.\n\nDrink: I had been told that some of the best clover coffee in Seattle is here, so that's what I tried.  There were two coffee beans to pick from.  The coffee was great - flavorful.  So good, it didn't even need milk or cream.  Very smooth.  \n\nAmbiance: Very basic.  If you are looking for a Starbucks feel, you are in the wrong place.  When you enter, the counter is right in front of you.  To the side, there are about 6 tables for seating and then a second level with additional tables.  There was free wifi throughout the store. Outlets for powering your laptop were harder to come by.  I saw outlets, but they were covered suggesting they were \"out of order.\"  \n\nStaff: I thought they could have been a little friendlier.  Maybe it was because I was new to the store and unfamiliar with clover coffee...I don't know.  Not unfriendly, but not a warm, welcoming feeling either.  \n \nI know fellow Yelpers rave about this place.  I thought it was good.  But what it gained in location and quality coffee, it lacked in staff friendliness and ambiance.  I would go back, but would also be willing to try other coffee shop options.  Still, it is a good option for reading, working on your laptop or meeting with a friend."
: "HOLY CROWDED! Do NOT come here if you're looking to plug in and do work, because so is everyone else in the neighborhood. I even feel in the way when I'm standing and waiting for my drink to be made. Oh, well. \n\nCoffee's good and I like watching them cut open the big sacks of coffee to roast. There are a couple of real hotties working there as well. Nice tattoos. But I'd never hang out here."
: "Ohhhhhh, we had a little party down in Newport.\nThere was Harry, there was Mary, there was Grace.\n\nYes folks, this is the kal drinking song... and if you really want to see something funny, check out a tone deaf stanford grad in full cardinal red regalia starting the chorus in the Raleigh's back patio before the Big Game.  Most kal kids kouldn;t decide whether to dump a beer on this joker or sing-a-long.  fortunately, for the progtagonist, they opted to join in and mend ties, at least for a moment, with the rival.\n\noh yeah, the rating.  the food ain't terrible and it ain't pricey.  But I ain't in college and i can afford to pay a few dollars mas.  Last time, I went with the taco salad ($7.75), and the flavor was a bit off.  Not to mention, they skimped on the avocados and queso.\n\nIf the two star review scares you off, well then just duck in for a beer or two or three, cause why can't we all just get along???"
: "I like this place. What is most unique and appealing about Mojo is the extent to which they experiment with food flavors; bacon warped dates, salmon with fennel, just excellent, keep in mind this is in an area which is dominated by traditional soul food restaurants and lounges. The decor is kind of Middle Eastern filtered through the eyes of Harlem lounge designer. I also like the fact people come to Mojo a little more dressed up, than at other local spots, but still keep a relaxed feel. \nAs usual, for me the most important thing to keep me coming back to a place is if they have decent wines by the glass, and Mojo does. They have about 4 by the glass reds and 4 whites, the reds I tried were good enough for me to have drank 3 glasses last night. \nThe bar area is a little bit of a tight squeeze, some may like this, as it makes it easier to start talking to the person next to you, but I like my personal space and not into talking to people at the bar, unless they are really strange, I just like meeting strange people. So if you see me at a bar and I start taking to you, this doesn't mean I am trying to pick you up, it just means you are strange.\nEven with a tight squeeze at the bar, Mojo is a great dinner and lounge spot in Harlem, it is on my regular list."
: "This is my second lash fill with Bri at Swink U village.  I am so pleased with Bri's work.  I will only have Bri work on my lashes.  She is very detailed and every time Bri does my lashes I always have tons of compliments.  Bri is on time and super friendly.  I like the U village Swink because parking is easier than the downtown location."
: "Love their food, always top notch service; the perfect place for date night or girls night out!\n\nExcellent atmosphere, delicious menu options, and a fantastic outside dining area. A *must try* in San Luis Obispo!"
: "My godmother has gotten me several pairs of shoes and slippers here. None of them are particularly \"fashionable\" but they are very comfortable. They sell brands such as Minnetonka and Birkenstock and sell shoes such as clogs, mules, hiking boots, and winter shoes. The cobbler is very good and knows what he's doing. This would be a great place to come to get your leather shoes repaired."
: "They're expensive but the quality of ingredients is solid. Portions are a little small. Not very filling."
: "Freshly made frites and $1 beers make Janine a VERY happy camper.  The extent of my love for fries is legendary....even the recent 100+ degree heat wave couldn't keep me away.  The frites here have the perfect thickness and crispiness.  As for the dipping sauces - well, I hate to admit it but I am a creature of habit.  Once I find something I love, I have a hard time ordering anything else.  I'm so in love with the Mustang Ranch Adobo sauce, it'll probably be a while before I can bring myself to try any of the other sauces."
: "I am not a fan of hot yoga so I don't do a lot classes, but Jazz's  Fundamentals class on Sunday is awesome. And don't let the name fool you, it is strenuous work despite the slower pace, with is emphasis on form and working to body's edge, you can't help but feel great at the end.\n\ni love the look of the studio and the large buddha inside the yoga room, parking is a bit of hassle to, but all worth it."
: "As a former student, I'm a little biased because of the whole waking up at 4am to stand in an hours-long line on a 30-degree morning waiting to see whether my lottery number is going to guarantee me seats at the game or not. Yes, UNC basketball is popular; and yes, this may be the best (if not most painless) logistical method for meting out tickets. But for the love of Roy Williams. Why can't they at least regulate the number of seats, :good: seats, getting sold to old yuppy alums who don't stand up, scream, yell, and chant, or paint their bellies with \"U\" \"N\" \"C\"? So despite the space being pretty big and pretty nice, the atmosphere is a little marred by large portions of less-than-enthusiastic patrons; and the student section is not the greatest. I've also seen some games here with purchased tickets -- way up in the nosebleed seats, which are pretty bad;  you practically end up watching the game from the suspended TV's instead of watching the little ant-sized players waaay down below. But still, just to be here, in the presence of some sort of greatness and athletic history, is a wonderful thing. A couple months ago, I saw Will Ferrell's comedy tour (in promotion of his recent b-ball movie); but I don't think the Dean Dome typically hosts events outside of actual games."
: "Why there isn't a better bagel place than this on South U is beyond me. I appreciate their free wireless and their late hours. I used to adore their hummus but eventually got sick of it."
: "I love the Clay Pit, but I skip the buffet  -- it's a true weak spot and costs them a star. \n\nI love taking my visiting sister and mother here for some mild but delicious curry -- they don't get much of that back home. Dates here always seem a bit awkward as I'm a bit too intent on eating my food to pay attention to the guy!\n\nThe rice is fabulous. I can't replicate the exact texture and flavor at home no matter what.\n\nI usually go for something spicy, but today I had a stomachache and went to the mild paneer tikka masala instead. It had enough flavor that I didn't miss the spice (much) and with plenty of naan (get the mint chutney!) and rice, my stomach stayed calm all afternoon. \n\nGross/cool note: I had an entire, icky cardamom pod (for an idea of what these are supposed to look like: http://www.worldofstock.com/slides/PFO2683.jpg) that had gone black in my tikka masala sauce that was completely unpleasant and bitter. But it goes to show that they use fresh, real spices and not flavorless powders."
: "I stopped in for a carry out order and noticed some specials on the board. I wasn't familiar with Basil Chicken. So I asked the young lady at the counter what was in it. She informed me that it was carrots, onions, chicken and sauce. (I asked because I do not like green peppers or mushrooms.) When I get home and sit down to eat I realize that Basil Chicken actually consists of mostly mushrooms and green peppers, with chicken basil and chili peppers. It didn't even contain carrots or onions. Needles to say I was unhappy that I was not served what I was told I was getting. I was quite hungry and didn't want to go back out into the cold so I tried to eat some of the chicken. \n\nSince it was their mistake I figured they would make it right. I called to complain. The young lady told me, that I should just pick the mushrooms and peppers out. I explained that the dish was mostly mushrooms and peppers and I asked for a refund. She informed me that since I had already eaten some of it, that they wouldn't be able to serve it to someone else! Yikes I sure hope that they don't re-sell food that customers have taken home with them!\nAfter this exchange I offered her the option of refunding my money or permanently loosing me as a customer. She replied, \"I don't care!\" and hung up on me.\nAt no point during this call did she apologize for her errors in describing what I was ordering. \nWe all make mistakes sometimes, but when it happens you should try to make it right.\nI wont be going back!"
: "Coffee Shop is known for its bar scene, but its food is stellar. I enjoy going to brunch here, as well as the occasional lunch and dinner. I've also been to several events catered by Carolina Coffee Shop, buffet style, and have always been impressed with the food. The menu is more traditional than unique, but the food is always freshly prepared. The barbecue here is some of the best I've had in a state that prides itself on pulled pork. \n\nThe nightlife here is pretty popular as well, but be warned there is a cover every night. They run average drink specials at best, so I would recommend somewhere else if you're looking for a good deal."
: "I'm a fan.\n\nI've been here twice. I've gotten the beef quesadilla and the philly cheesesteak burrito. Both were clutch. Very tasty and filling. \n\nOpen late, too ;) Probably why I'm giving it 4 stars instead of 3."
: "Authentic, and inauthentic, Irish food.  Very authentic atmosphere, right down to the stools.  \n\nThe food comes out quick enough to get in and out at the lunch hour.  They serve everything from stew and fish and chips to chicken salad and hamburgers.  Also offers the traditional Indiana fare, pork tenderloins."
: "definitely my go-to place for bubble tea. i have yet to find something better in boston, even in chinatown. \nmy favorites when i'm feeling for something lighter... are fruit teas (no milk) with boba or lychee jelly or sometimes 50/50 mix. also another favorite is jsut sweetened black tea (again, without milk) with boba. they're very refreshing summery bubble teas.... \nin the winter, i like the hot taro milk tea (which comes out purple and is really yummy and soothing..., taro is a type of root.. i have no idea how else to describe it. wikipedia it?) but i promise it's really good!!! \n\nonly cons are they only accept cash, sometimes it smells like rancid bubble tea on the summer days, mochi is way expensive (you can get way cheaper/same quality at trader joes!) and they sometimes put a little too much ice into them... but otherwise i'm all for it!!! those are just little nitpicky things.."
: "it's not so much a bar as a section-off area in a giant circus tent. but we have beer on campus. that alone merits a star."
: "The Harmony House Marketplace is home to three businesses in renovated adjoining buildings in historic Cohoes. The street front businesses are The Wine Seller, The Bake Shop, and R&G Cheesemakers. Artists studio space is on the second floor.\n\nThe Wine Seller sells wines only made in New York State. R&G Cheesemaker makes homemade cheeses on premises with milk supplied by local farms. The Bake Shop offers fresh baked goods including cakes, cookies, pies, scones, and specialty breads using local ingredients when possible. The owners have done a great job investing and renovating the old buildings into nice shops.\n\nThis review is based primarily on a recent visit to The Bake Shop (at 190 Remsen Street). Besides the baked goods, The Bake Shop also serves lunch (eat in or takeout) offering sandwiches, pierogies, homemade soups (changes often), cold drinks (including Saranac Root Beer), and coffee. Food products (mostly made in New York State) are sold here as well as local history books and CDs. The place has a very nice quaint atmosphere, shiny hardwood floors, wood tables and chairs and is tastefully decorated with artwork from local artist hanging on the walls.\n\nI stopped in here for lunch takeout after a nice stroll through downtown. The friendly owner (Diane) welcomed me as I walked in and offered a sample of homemade mozzarella cheese from the Cheesemaker, which was AMAZING cheese. She explained the food offerings including the four soup choices on the menu including pumpkin bisque and seafood chowder. I decided to order the Half Sandwich (homemade chicken salad) and Soup for $6.00 even.\n\nThe food I had was outstanding! The homemade chicken salad sandwich had tender chicken chunks with celery in a mayo dressing over tomato & leaf lettuce on a soft chewy ciabatta roll. The seafood chowder was thick and very creamy (not too rich) with scallops, clams, shrimp,  and potatoes, a good chowder to eat on a cold windy day. A small cup of pasta salad (pasta rings, red onions, & celery in a sweet light dressing) was also included with lunch. This was one of the better takeout lunches I've had in quite a while!\n\nBuy New York State!\n\nNOTE: A Tapas Bar should be opening next door at 188 Remsen Street in the near future."
: "The dining experience at Local 121 (been 3 times) is better than any I have ever had in New York, Chicago or San Francisco. The only other comparable restaurant is Chez Panisse in Berkeley, and Local 121 is a far better deal. \n\nThe food tastes divine, the ambiance is perfect (either bar or main room) and the service top-notch. \n\nI recommend for entrees: short ribs (!), burger, or chicken. For apps: chicken wings, pizza, cheese tart. You will NOT be disappointed. It's a bonus that the food is all local - the deliciousness is what keeps me coming back.\n\nCheck out Restaurant.com for good deals."
: "3.5 to 4 stars.\n\nWhat makes St. Mike's a good place to visit? The service and setting. The restaurant is built out of what looks like several storefronts or condos, but it has a warm and comfortable feel to it. The service starts while you're waiting for a table. While chatting with my friends, I noticed the bartender throwing a cube of something in a glass of champagne. Immediately, my mind went into overdrive about what this concoction could be ... somehow I ended up with bouillon cube and champagne. The bartender started joking about it, and continued later on our way out (and bar dude, I'm telling you, calling it a \"Savory Fizz\" could make us loads of money). Quite entertaining. Our server was also excellent. He was very relaxed, yet attentive. He made sure our wine glasses were never empty, we had everything we needed, and that our food came out right. He even started joking around with us: one person didn't get dessert, but asked for a spoon ... so the waiter got him a tiny spoon and fork because we were joking he couldn't have any of our dessert. Of course, Mike was also rollerskating around and greeting people.\n\nThe food:\nArtichoke and Cheese Tart - odd consistency (like tuna), but packed a lot of great taste\nWild Mushroom Cake - like everyone else says, quite dry ... not something I'd bother ordering again\nBeet Ravioli special - very good, possibly the best entree of the night; couldn't tell beet flavor, but that's good for me\nChicken Pot Pie - not enough salt for me, but everything was cooked exceptionally well (I'm told pot pies are usually short on salt and pepper)\nSteak - basic, mashed potatoes were just okay\n\nSo, would I go again? Yeah probably. It's a good date spot."
: "Dr. Reagan is a fantastic surgeon who genuinely cares about his patients - and the results show.  I am a better person since I met Dr. Reagan."
: "I've only tried the mixed berry cobbler so far, but I think it's really good. The lady who runs the place is super nice. \n\nI would've given 5 stars, but I think it would be better if the crust was just a bit thicker, or if they made the cobbler a little shallower but wider-- overall, I just want more crust."
: "I've been to bars and clubs around the world and Looney's in College Park has the rudest door/security staff I've ever encountered. It's long but worth the read if you value your rights as a paying customer. \n\n     My sister and I walked in Looney's Pub after eating at Bobby's Burger Palace, which I do highly HIGHLY recommend, carrying a doggy bag. As we were chit chatting with the nice hostess and were about to be seated, the nasty and overly abrupt bouncer barked at us to see our ID's and practically yelled at me for NO reason saying \"You can't bring that in here.\"\n\n     When I asked why and that I wasn't going to eat it, he just shook his head, closed his eyes in a manner that read he didn't care and said, \"doesn't matter, it needs to go.\" It might not sound that terrible but his body language and unprovoked rudeness and yelling was quite uncalled for.\n\n     When he checked my sister's ID, he slammed the stamp down on her hand, so she snatched her ID back from him. I didn't even have my ID out and he started yelling, \"YOU HAVE TO LEAVE, YOU CAN'T STAY HERE!\" \n\n     He kept repeating this and literally shoving us OUT the door, putting his hands on my sister, she even tripped a step. We demanded to see the manager at which he said he was the manager and that we HAD TO GO.\n\n     When we got outside, I called the REAL manager, Christine, and told her our story. She was very helpful and met us outside to talk to us about what happened. She talked to the hostesses and repugnant bouncer and they denied our story...but hey, I might too if I had to work across such an obnoxious and power hungry man every day, too. \n\n     Christine reviewed the security tapes and saw that he did in fact touch my sister, but somehow couldn't see that he shoved her out.\n\n     We did stay, though, and smiled at the bouncer on our way out, if anything to show that you can't treat patrons that way for no good reason.\n\n     If Christine had not taken our complaint seriously, we would have called the police.\n\n     Go to Bobby's Burger Palace, they will have their liquor license soon and have amazing margaritas!"
: "Really cheap and great french fries.  Two thumbs up!"
: "Anne's kitchen is like the fratty version of Crepevine.\n\nCollege kids (including my former self) come here on weekend mornings hungover as balls, looking for nourishment and a place to discuss shenanigans from the night before. \n\nExpect to wait quite a while to order and I would suggest keeping a sharp lookout for tables. Keep your brunch plans somewhere between a t\u00eate a tete and a party of four if you expect to find seating at all. If you can't find seats and you have a penchant for danger, you can take your food, walk a block over and watch the microcosm that is people's park.\n\nThe food: regular breakfast dish comes with two eggs, toast and a mountain of breakfast potatoes. Really delicious breakfast potatoes. I personally prefer russet potatoes over rose for breakfast potatoes and this place uses russet!\n\nThis breakfast is a great deal price-wise and the proteins present in eggs are supposed to be essential to recovering from a Friday night alcohol binge.\n\nThe blueberry pancakes are also extraordinarily delicious and satisfying on their own albeit a tad pricey for pancakes.\n\nOverall, great stuff. Definitely going to miss bringing my out-of-town friends for brunch here!"
: "I come here for the $5 entrees happy hour (M-F 5-7p). I usually get a burrito. The burrito is pretty large and it comes with chips. They put guacamole and sour cream on the burrito.\n\nThe place has TVs so if you want to eat and watch a sports game, this is a good place to go. Or if you want to eat and chill out on the balcony if the weather is nice, that's an option too."
: "Ordered the spinach and cheese pizza topped with asparagus. Have to admit, the beer choices scared me so I stuck to the cocktail menu. Absolutely LOVED the grapefruit and honey cocktail.\n\nA great Main St. eat."
: "\"Wiener\" is slang for \"penis\". There. I just thought we'd address the obvious before proceeding.  \n\nFor a little over a month on my countless trips down 15th to my beloved Charlie's, I started to notice this cart as soon as I hit Rio Grande. It made me chuckle. The name was certainly attention-grabbing (although I love the turn-of-phrase Man Bites Dog). In fact, the owners Roger and Jeff designed it that way; I'm sure I wasn't the only one to have made a mental note to visit this particular food cart. Although I kept calling it 'The Angry Wiener\", which sounds so much more aggressive. I tend to have wieners on the brain anyway.\n\nIt's a pretty straightforward menu that I previewed online. All the wieners sounded delicious. I've particularly always loved Greek wieners. I made it a point to stop and have a juicy wiener for lunch. And then I went by the cart. I promise I'll stop.\n\nI parked in the lot, and noticed there is also a Philly cheese steak cart directly across from Evil Wiener; it sort of looked like a mini Austin food cart standoff. Evil Wiener travels, so follow them on Twitter or Facebook if you want to see their next location. \n\nThree ladies who obviously worked nearby were milling around, waiting on their orders. I marched up to the window and ordered a Tex-Mex (their version of a classic chili dog) which included Roger's carne guisada, cheese, and jalapeno relish tucked away on a bolillo. I also tried an order of French fries, sprinkled with \"evil dust\".  \n\nMake sure you check out the three or so specials they have written on the blackboard; I neglected to do so, and probably would have ordered the 'Colonel Klink\" instead--a German bratwurst with spicy mustard. Really, it's all about the girth.\n\nIt took around five minutes for the girl to hand me my order. I kinda wished they had at least a little table to sit at, since I like to avoid eating in Kar and making a mess of him. As I was walking away, a woman who was either a friend or relative of the girl in the cart came up and proudly declared \"I love wieners!\" and everyone laughed. I wonder how long it took for the people working there for that joke to get old. I'm thinking a day, tops.\n\nI parked at the now ill-fated parking meter across from Telefund, and promptly devoured my Tex-Mex wiener. The hot dog itself was OK, but the real flavor was in the juicy carne guisada on top of it. The jalapeno relish is a killer. I literally felt beads of sweat pop up on my forehead and on the back of my neck. I usually don't like hot and spicy foods, but I'll make a much needed exception for the relish. The fries were hot, crisp, and in case you were wondering, I'm guessing evil dust is code for chili powder? Maybe?\n\nHonestly, for a place purporting to be evil, they sure did end up delivering something good."
: "Solid boba place.  It's close enough to walk to, which makes this spot all the more attractive.  I like the almond milk tea and thai ice tea.  the milk tea is okay as well.  The boba is a bit too soft.  This might sound strange, but I like their ice (it's crushed)!"
: "This place ROCKS! Thank you David H. for your review and introduction to this wonderful find! Tucked away in a small strip mall just beyond the Tech campus, Sublime is the best find in all of Atlanta!\n\nThe assortment of doughnuts is amazing and eye-whirling! Oreo! Reece's P'Nut Butter! Red Velvet Cake! There is not a bad flavor in the bunch!\n\nYou must try the Birthday Box! Every letter is a different doughnut! The surprise in your recipients face is SO totally worth it!\n\nI got a B'day Box for my office manager and the whole office was so amazed by the look and the flavors that they jumped on their computers and immediately Google'd the establishment. Now every time we celebrate office birthdays we get a B'day Box! \n\nI love introducing friends and family to Sublime. I am buying my 4th B'day box this month and taking it to South Carolina to celebrate yet another kids birthday! I know that I will be the hit if the party! \n\nForget the old-school ice cream cakes or cookie cakes. Go to Sublime! Get the B'day Box! Surprise everyone and by the cool one at the party! \n\nDrive on down and become a convert today! You will be so happy that you did! Love at 1st sight! Thank you Sublime!!!! I am never returning to those \"other\" do-nut places. Sublime is sublime!"
: "This place was unexpectedly good... In the back of a small grocery/goods store, there's a pretty happening deli/kitchen. I got the border grilled chicken sandwich and it is gooooooooood. The edges of the chicken were charred to perfection and it is so tasty. The bread was well made and matched perfectly with the ingredients. The sandwich was right proportion and reasonable priced. The menu offers a wide selection, that I think I'll just have to come back and try each one."
: "This place changed the name to KiwiBear recently but still delicious just plain yogurt refreshing and pure.  you can add berries\nor any fruit, toppings etc. and it is great.\n\nIt is not fake chocolate, raspberry or another flavor..just real as Lara S.. says and excellent!!!!!!!!!!"
: "My husband and I received a night at the Nassau as a gift for our wedding night (we're poor and were gonna spend the night at my mom's). Nassau Inn's reservation system is so antiquated that we ended up getting charged for the room, which resulted in a huge accounting nightmare because they also charged the gift giver. The reservations manager was not accomodating and gave a lot of excuses, eventually suggesting that the gift giver just give us a cash reimbursement for the room (RUDE!). \n\nThe place is old and lasts on it's reputation for being the fancy, centrally-located restaurant in Princeton. It has no wi-fi and a run down feel to the staff. Glad we didn't pay for it, and wouldn't recommend it to anyone."
: "It's hard not to love BerryLine, succulent frozen yogurt and generous portions of perfect blackberries, blueberries, mangos and kiwis. But I felt a little strange walking in and seeing how eerily similar it is to NYC's PinkBerry http://www.pinkberry.com/ and Red Mango http://www.redmangousa.com/.  Only that, those locales are also include mochi in their topping repertoire.  Maybe BerryLine could continue the impersonation a little further and also mochi...?"
: "This is an awesome shop.  Sure they carry your favorite line of Birkenstocks (they can also special order specific styles that might be out of stock at no extra charge--which is what they did for me) but they also carry other comfortable shoes such as Danskos & Crocs.  Very personable & knowledgeable salespeople and best of all they carry a wide variety of other gift items such as bags, chimes, hats, socks, gift boxes, jewelry etc......items that make great gifts for those who would otherwise be hard to shop for. I just went back last week and got all the rest of my Christmas shopping done in one fell swoop!  Definitely one of the more charming 'Mom & Pop' stores in the Claremont Village."
: "Tiffin is my go-to Indian restaurant. The chicken tikka masala is definitely my favorite, but I'm also a fan of the vindaloo. The lunch buffet (especially if you come on a weekday) is a wonderful steal."
: "I took a class at the beginning of summer and loved it! The teachers and fellow class mates were all very friendly. It's a very laid back atmosphere. A great place to get creative and yet learn a new skill. I am definitely going to continue with a class in the fall and recommend anyone who is thinking about trying out pottery to do it here!"
: "I've never once had a merely adequate meal at Zola. Good meals tend toward the outstanding, bad ones make you swear up and down that this is the last time you'll be stupid enough to trust your hangover to this kitchen. In brief...\n\nYes, yes, YES!: top-notch wait staff (lately, anyway), the salt and grease explosion that is the Turkish brunch, some very crabby crab cakes, and extra horseradishy Blood Marys. Probably the most pleasant interior of any restaurant in Ann Arbor. \n\nFor shame: $6 (I swear to god) \"market price\" orange juice, scattered kitchen incompetence (solid yolks on poached eggs; risible, insubstantial waffles). Also, as even my cat knows, it is essential that there be _two_ towers of egg on any benedict."
: "Be warned, I'm reviewing this as an espresso-making establishment. I know the seating is nice and they have more flavors of Torani syrup than I've seen anywhere else. The food is probably pretty good but not too healthy so I haven't had it.\n\nI came here because my espresso machine is currently out of commission except for steaming milk and I needed 2 shots of espresso to bring home and make my classic Saturday morning cappuccino that I am really, really slow without. I COULD have gone to the Den and let them give me some butchered Peet's but I wanted GOOD espresso and thought Strada was somewhat serious in that regard. I ordered an espresso doppio (that means double... 2X the amount) and should have been suspicious when I got what looked like 4 oz. of espresso. When you double the amount of ground espresso and get out 4 shots, that means you over-extracted the shit out of it and turned it into a burnt-tasting mess. It was espresso from hell, worse than what the Den makes. No amount of milk and sugar could fix what they did to it. I guess it did wake me up but in a \"surprise, you just drank pesticide!\" way. And I don't know how one gets this through the portafilter of an espresso machine but the bottom of the cup was filled with GROUNDS.  Really- if they can make 1, they should know what 2 shots looks like. 2 stars just because I know they provide other (less caustic) options than liquid charcoal."
: "This dandy band gets their spit valves jammed every year in a cross town flag football game.  Two stars for the cheerleaders.   Yes."
: "Central Kitchen is my favorite dining spot in Central Square (well, maybe it's a tie...I love Cuchi Cuchi as well but it's a totally different vibe).  \nSome of my favorite things there...\n- The ambiance (tin tabletops, dim lighting, warm, cozy tables)\n- The steak tartare, octopus, mussels, cioppino\n- The nice and affordable wine list\nThe service is good and the crowd is low-key...Definitely a great find."
: "I have been going here for years. No doubt  they have the best schezuan chicken. Service is friendly.  I was little dissapointed with their delivery because the portioning was little small than what they serve in the restaurant and the quality of the food wasn't the same. Overall it's a great place o dine-in."
: "My new favorite casual restaurant. On Westwood, so I come here after I'm done for the day at UCLA. Plenty of healthy options, including the under 600 calories soup and salad combo. The atmosphere is so relaxing, I like to sit and read for a little longer while I sip their hot tea."
: "Had the tom yum noodle soup with chicken and if this review was based on that alone, it would be more like a 2.5 star rating. First off -- the soup is not tom yum, at least not the tom yum I've gotten from just about every Thai restaurant I've been to. The flavor profile leans more towards pineapple juice + vinegar. It wasn't even spicy! While it was edible and I was hungry enough to finish my bowl, the flavor was bewildering/disappointing. You know the saying, \"Don't order chicken carbonara from a Mexican taco truck\"? (Maybe I made that up just now). The tom yum was sort of like that. If I'm craving soup I'd just stick to the pho here from now on. \n\nMy rant about the chicken in the soup deserves its own paragraph. It did not taste like chicken, and the texture was extraordinarily \"wtf is this\". Every piece was plastic-y and strangely firm to the point of being fake. I don't know how else to explain it. Forced my bf to try a bite and even he thought it was off. Don't get the chicken. \n\nTom not-yum fiasco aside, I snuck a few bites of pho; my verdict is that it's decent. Not too greasy, not too bland, with detectable spices. Looked like they give a good amount of meat as well, and the veggie condiments were fresh.\n\nThe restaurant itself is spacious, comfy, bright and clean -- easily the most modern interior decorating job I've ever seen in a pho restaurant. The service was also very fast and friendly. \n\nCharming touch: at the end of our meal we were given \"Free drink on your next visit!\" cards + stamp cards that eventually earn you a free meal, which I have not encountered yet. Not sure if it's a temporary hey-we-just-opened deal, but I thought it was a nice touch."
: "The food at Penang is always amazing and that's why I reluctantly always find myself here.\n\nHowever, the service is terrible. Not only did it take about 35 minutes for us to take the food, but server was extremely rude and inflexible when it came to menu items. \n\nYour best bet is take out"
: "I rank Lupe Taqueria well above its peers when it comes to taquerias here in ATL. From the start I raised my eyebrows at the clean and airy layout of the place, and even commented to my buddy that I thought the communal table was a great choice given the neighborhoody feel of their location. From there the surprises, I found, continued onto the menu. I would never have guess I'd see lengua (beef tongue) on a menu in Midtown, Atlanta. Something so very traditional, yet few establishments dare include it. I had grilled lengua in tacos (not sure if they prepare it any other way) and the dish was sensational. I would also highly recommend the queso or the queso con chorizo. The Lupe blend of cheese is decidedly unique and makes a great starter.\nI gave 4 stars as I've only made one visit so far. I do plan to go back and if they prove consistent with the great food, Lupe will definitely earn my fifth star."
: "When you get a craving for olallieberry pie and a veggie burger where else are you going to go?\r\n\r\nRecommendations:\r\n\r\nGet grilled onions on your burger.\r\n\r\nOnly order half of a small order of fries.\r\n\r\nDon't wear sandals (It's a little grimey).\r\n\r\nBring cash. No credit cards accepted."
: "Carolina Kitchen Hyattsville is very close to our house so we've tried it about 8 times, always hoping its improved.  It hasn't.\n\nThe service is friendly but really not good.  There's often a wait just for the host/ess to seat you, not because there's a line but becaise the host was busy with something else.\n\nThey take drink orders right away, but the drinks aren't usually served until after you've ordered and appetizers start arriving, whereas they should ideally arrive before you even order. Secondly, its been our experience that there's usually something wrong with the drinks that they are unable to correct! Wrong ingredients, wrong recipie, but -- the wait staff don't come to check on the drinks or appetizers until dinner arrives, and then they don't check to see if dinner okay or we need anything. Last time there wasn't even salt on our table and the chicken was burnt, but no one checked on us until we were done eating.  \n\nFurthermore the food isn't even that good, although I like home style comfort food, and greens, and other veggies.\n\nI think the staff needs more training and supervision about how service really works at a restaurant."
: "GO WATCH A MIDSUMMER NIGHT'S DREAM! \nI've been upset about the fact that I missed Ching Chong Chinaman so best believe that I had tickets for last nights sold out show. A Midsummer Night's Dream directed by Melissa Hillman was amazing! Melissa chose to set William Shakespeare's romantic comedy in the 80's and the results were more than pleasing. The rad soundtrack, the costumes and the awesome acting makes this a must see. Plus it runs for AT LEAST 6 weeks so there's no excuse not to. \n \nImpact Theatre. Yeah, you can have pizza. Yeah, you can have beer. Yeah, you can have pizza AND beer. What Yelpers fail to emphasis is the fact that this theatre company is talented. Don't regret missing out on this one like I still do with Ching Chong Chinaman."
: "Disappionted that when I scheduled a driver to pick up my teenager downtown and dropped him off at another location, they got it wrong. Even when the receipt clearly had the address and location on it? I'm sure it can happen to anyone on a busy night, but that's not what you pay for. They did negotiate with me for a discount (not a full refund), but come on, wtf? Maybe it was a fluke, but I won't book here again."
: "THE MOST MOIST, DELECTABLE AND FABULOUSLY DELICIOUS CUPCAKES I HAVE EVER COME ACROSS.\n\nYes, my adoration for Cupkates required my review to be in all caps. \nSalted caramel, S'mores &/or Tiramisu every time."
: "salmon nabe is LEGIT. The grill is super good too. But everytime I eat something fish related from them I get a stomach ache. So i guess their stuff is not fresh. But its good. lOL"
: "This place is nice but not quite what I expected when I heard the radio commercial for a sports bar with 50 HD TVs. Its actually a pretty classy place. I would say there were about 20 TVs or so but not all of them were on sports. \n\nWe went around 5 o'clock on a Friday which ended up working out good because they have some solid happy hour specials. $2 domestic bottles and 1/2 price appetizers until 7 or so. Had the nachos, quesadillas, and wings. Portions were pretty big and we had no complaints about the food.\n\nWe sat at the end of the bar and at one point someone from the kitchen came to collect the dishes that the bartender had accumulated. The guy was upset that the dishes were not cleared and proceeded to curse out the bartender under his breath. I could really care less to be honest but overall it was a pretty classless display by him. \n\nI'd return here for the happy hour specials sometime but probably not for any other reason."
: "Love the outdoor patio."
: "This is my first experience with Potbelly, and I am definitely a fan. I work in a nearby office building and the manager personally delivered menus to us. He was also accommodating with delivering an order for our entire office. Great service, amazing sandwiches, and the oatmeal chocolate chip cookies are to die for!"
: "I almost walked past this hole-in-the-wall -- do not make this mistake! \n\nThese cheap, delicious wraps fill such a huge void in the local food scene. They're fast, filling, and interesting, and not totally bad for you. I have yet to stray from the aloo masala roll, which is fine because it's so good. The spicy cilantro sauce is the Indian answer to Calexico's crack sauce; you just keep wanting more of it. Go to town on the sauce, and get a lassi to beat the heat.\n\nThe \"fries\" were a little underwhelming. And for whatever reason I found that the rotis don't travel so well -- a shame, since there's not much room to sit there."
: "This place used to be the best in Kendall Square. Their coffee is really delicious and their sandwiches are so tasty. So why the 2 stars?\n\nIt seems that Voltage hasn't been able to keep up with their growth. You wait 10+ minutes for one cup of coffee, they run out of food almost instantly, and their seating leaves something to be desired (i.e. you will not find a seat).\n\nTheir main dining area is extremely cold even with a fall coat on. My husband and I had to leave after about 20 minutes. \n\nStaff is not very friendly. They talk to each other, not you.\n\nJust go to Tatte across the street. Better food. Illy coffee which is great and the staff is really cool/friendly."
: "When the fam was up from North Carolina visiting for my graduation, I had to take them to Hungry Mother. Rarely trekking to Kendall, I had to call for directions. I always love when the host of a busy restaurant takes the time and courtesy to lead you back home. I really appreciate it, man! \n\nWe had reservations but still ended up waiting a bit. I didn't mind - Hungry Mother gives away adorable Hungry Mother pins. We were instantly charmed. The bar was tiny yet inviting, yet too full to sidle up to. For the better - we were soon led upstairs and into a little nook. \n\nMy family and I are always randy but this place, for whatever reason, seemed a little on the conservative side. I recommend some Molly Hatchet, Leon Russell, or Little Feat to liven things up. Perhaps it was the MIT environs we were in... the people behind us were the echelon of intellectuals and everyone was decidedly more glamorous than us. Yet there's High Life on the menu? Or should I say \"the champagne of beers\" as the menu reads, because stating the actual name is a little too... truthful? Weirdness aside, the beer list is pretty abbreviated, with more room for cocktails and wines, which we happily partook in. \n\nFor starters - \"to tide you over\" as the menu sweetly states - we ordered deviled eggs at $4 a pop. A little curl of bacon plunged in the heap of yellow yolk perfection that had been squeezed from an icing bag. The thrill of the deviled egg was gone, even with bacon involved. \n\nOur appetizer was fried green tomatoes, but turned out to actually be ONE SLICE of fried green tomato, for $12. This was an utter rip-off if I ever saw one. It was the highlight of the night which was especially depressing since there was so little to go round. The tomato literally had to be quartered and then dueled over. Oh, yes, and it was accompanied by a weird glass of tomato water. Be prepared to be weirded out by the strange drink - it's an Iron Chef-like touch that really doesn't work. \n\nAfter a hectic weekend we all needed iron, the Flat Iron Steak, that is. This strange cut of beef was made beautiful again - sliced and married with some baby Yukon gold potatoes. I felt the potatoes were a little under seasoned, and needed some cheese, like the Filet Au Poivre we ordered the next night at Aquitaine. The B-1 sauce was delectable however, and I was satisfied overall. Beware the catfish dish sounds amazing as does the roasted chicken with jalapeno spoonbread. \n\nOur waiter was intriguingly absent during most of the meal. Hungry Mother was apparently jostling outside the nook, but being cornered away rather felt like punishment than an experience. He was nice enough when he was around, and helpful at that. My mother ordered the decadent chocolate cake which she couldn't finish, but I opted for the lighter rhubarb sorbet steeping in a pool of fresh cream. The sorbet was a touch too tart, but the cream made it rich and worthy of licking the bowl for. The coffee here is also amazing, and I recommend it for the walk back to the T. \n\nWe did miss our movie because of the slow pace of the dinner. Hungry Mother isn't bad, but I was failed to be blown away the way other Yelpers were. If they cut away the poshness, offered more bang for the buck, then I'd definitely be back."
: "Cute place!  We just missed the lunch rush so we got our food in a reasonable time.  We were able to sit outside with our pooch and enjoy a lazy Sunday morning.  So crazy how we drove by this place so many times and never knew of it!"
: "I'm not going to overthink this place...  \n\nI seriously had some McD's before trying this place for the first time.  Had a couple of wings - crispy, tasted like non-KFC fried chicken, and weren't bloody near the bone.  \n\nAnd their BBQ wings are actually BB wings and they were spicy and BBQ-sauce-less.\n\nMusic was loud.  K-Pop, C-Pop, J-Pop...Asian-Blah-Blah-Pop.  Very club-like.  I assumed every girl song was sung by Utada...wait.\n\nNow to the S-O-J-U...I didn't eat much, but I drank much.  Koreans have introduced me to such a wonderful, sweet, alcoholic thing.  Pineapple soju seems to be the best, although the yogurt is pretty good, too.  It's also not a bad price for 6 glasses - I think it was around $15?  It's led me to believe that any place that serves flavored soju is a 4-star party waiting to happen."
: "The staff here is pretty good. Great doctors and nurses, very attentive and helpful staff. The parking makes no sense. You have to pay to park (after they bill you over ten thousand dollars of medical fees?) and the spaces are all too small even for my compact car.\n\nThe hospital is old and in disrepair. Everything looks ancient and uncomfortable like being inside a 1940's built school. I would expect the school to look like a school but not the hospital... It's all old and depressing, old rusty equipment, etc. \n\nThe rooms are very strange. I saw one room in labor/delivery with four women in it and only curtains separating them! What the hell is with that? Delivering at Stanford costs upwards of $80,000. I guess I expected a lot more.\n\nIf you have a choice of hospitals and you believe the doctors/nurses are of equal caliber, I would not pick Stanford. I hear Kaiser and Sequoia Hospital are much better. Guaranteed private rooms at Sequoia."
: "Went here for Two for Tuesdays for lunch and it was jam-packed.  But we were still served pretty quickly.  \n\nI got the Reuben and my dad got the Alan Shawn Feinstein ( roast beef, mushrooms and cheese).  Both sandwiches were excellent.  My beef had little to no fat and was tasty.\n\nAnd 2 sandwiched for the price of 1?  Who can beat that??"
: "Great place for pepperoni rolls and beer. Don't expect fancy pizza or anything like that, just greasy and totally satisfying pizza dough stuffed with pepperoni and cheese and a large pitcher of Shiner Bock.\n\nIf you must, there is a small salad bar, but really, own up to why you are there... and go for what they do best."
: "OMG. I'm an official Thai food liker... My co-worker suggested this spot today for lunch. Three of us went over to Racha to order ala carte dishes.  They were ALL great. I don't even like curry, but the green curry with chicken is especially tasty. We will be eating here more often. It just sucks because we work on the Northside, and this spot is the Southside.\n\n*Tip*\nThey deliver with a minimum purchase of $25"
: "I have had the same experience as many others. I purchased the groupon and ordered the vegan gluten free starter kit option. I then received an email that I could place an additonal order so that I may receive the shipment sooner. I placed my order, received my shipment within 2 weeks. It was not the gluten free option and was missing several items including. I called and called customer service, no answer, no response to messages I left. I emailed and eventually Kassandra responded, apologized and said my order would ship in 2 weeks. Then came an email informing me the shipment would be delayed because of their move but the order would ship on the 21st, June 1st, no response to emails, no shipment. I can't/won't comment about the quality of the food since most of it I can't eat anyway. I  disappointed and feel I have been robbed. The volume is obviously more than this company can handle, so why do they keep doing it?!? It is only resulting in complaints to BBB, requests for refunds, and no returning customers. Buyer beware!! Wish I had read the reviews, would have saved a lot of time and $$$"
: "This place has good fish tacos.  Their other food is good as well.  However, I wouldn't say that I'm wowed by the food;  just that it's conveniently located in Harvard Square (walking distance to my home) so my friends always want to go here."
: "I just tried Cinderella's last night for the first time. It was a good italian restaurant but I'm unfamiliar with what to compare it to in the area.\n\nThey have a wide variety of pizzas with lots of toppings. Extra toppings were a little pricey, about $1.69 but maybe that's average. I just stuck with a pepperoni pizza and was more than pleased.\n\nFriendly waitresses, and close to the T to get back to Boston. A nice, quiet italian restaurant."
: "INCREDIBLE food, very vegetarian-friendly.\n\nfeatured ingredient of the day, featured farms, local & organic ingredients--a conscious-eater's heaven.\n\nmy cocktail was made with honey and was pretty good.\n\nthe 'charcuterie' sampler was memorable.\n\nall light, yet filling.\n\none star off for TERRIBLE service; also, we had to wait 20 minutes past our reservation."
: "Went here the other night and had a great meal and a couple bottles of good wine.  The steak was excellent and cooked perfectly.  The gnocchi was also very good.  They had a large selection of Malbec wines, as you should if you name your restaurant after it I suppose.   \n\nThe only down sides were the waiter was a bit pushy at first and I made a reservation so I wouldn't get a crap table and they when I got there I got a crap table because they filled everything else.  Why bother?   Next time I'll sit outside because it was very loud inside.  Otherwise it was great food."
: "If the anime/hello kitty thing is your style, then this is your ultimate destination!  if not, it's great for gifts for the younger generation"
: "Best store ever!  In addition to all the obscure / hard to find / specialized music that they have been selling for years, they've recently started stocking a lot more \"dollar records.\"  What they consider a dollar record here is often the kind of thing that goes for $3.99 on the shelf at other area stores.  Also, they've been starting to cater to the \"terminal boredom\" rock scene as well, while still stocking all the crazy free jazz / psych / garage / electronic / etc. type records they've always had..."
: "This place is delicious! I recommend the butter chicken naan wrap for sure, with all the fixings and the coconut + hot red sauce. It's often been compared to chipotle because of the structure, however I would say it is waaay better then chipotle, they pack it with more meat/goodies. It's kind of a walk since it's all the way in north side, but a trip well worth it!!!! You will not be disappointed."
: "I've been here a few times, but It had been awhile till I went again last night.  This is a great place to grab some brews, tons of beers on top.  cheap too!  I've had burgers and nachos here.  All good stuff.  The music is played kinda loud, but everyone is jovial and it has a great atmosphere."
: "Great location right in the middle of the shopping disctrict just off Harvard Square.  I've only had the coffee here (medium, half-caf is the order as of late).  I like Peet's coffee - much to the chagrin of coffee snobs, I can't taste that much difference from Starbuck's.  Maybe slightly less burned-bean taste, but only slightly."
: "Lynn is the fourth vet's office that my cat has visited during his lifetime and, by leaps and measures, the best in terms of care and compassion.  We had recently moved to the area when said kitty had an emergency and we took him to Lynn for the first time.   He was in pain, I was hysterical - and the Lynn staff was incredibly gentle with us both.  I was kept updated throughout his surgery and Dr. Kressler, in particular, was just wonderful.  Really cannot say enough positive things about this office - and look forward to returning under less dramatic circumstances!"
: "After seeing this place featured on television time and time again I had to go. Took the opprotuinty to go with the husband and our other couple friend. \n\nHoly croweded and remember this place is in the heart of Downtown ATL. While the wait time was 2 hours (they did warn us before we decided to put our names down) and there was no place to stand inside so we hung out outside. Which wasn't too bad but you have to be prepared to deal with the folks that hang out outside. \n\nI am not reviewing my wait at Glydy's so I digress. When we got seated they had every imaginable southern item on the menu. My husband went for the sweet tea and I the classic fruit punch. The tea was a sprinkling of tea with a pound of sugar as was the fruit punch. Just the way we like it and as southern as it gets.\n\nThe chicken and waffels were to die for. The waffel had a great flavoraful batter and the breading on the chicken was perfect. Would I go here again! Heck yeah! I would maybe eat a light snack before doing so. This is honestly a great place to take out of towners. It really has become a neighborhood and tourist attraction. All and all great experience."
: "This place was really disappointing.  It looked like it had a lot of potential, too.  Basically, staff ignores you, menu is in 5 different places and hard to read, decipher, and the item I ordered was dry and not particularly tasty.  I expected more.  It's surprisingly hard to get a good sandwich around Palo Alto..."
: "I'm going to give this place 4 stars -- because of its convenience to the convention center, and the lobster mac and cheese was pretty good (would have been better if they used a different type of pasta).  Ambiance and environment is like a pub, very laid back.  On a sunny day, they have a patio area as well (too bad it rained out)."
: "Brooks, Katherine and I stopped here before our ballroom dancing class to grab a quick bite to eat.  We decided to eat inside, although I was a bit confused if the skybar and 5 Seasons Brewing were the same establishment or not.  \n\nWe were quickly seated and our waiter took our drink orders, but we decided to wait on ordering until our friend Oksana arrived.  When she arrived it took our waiter probably 15-20 minutes to arrive to take our order and that's because Brooks had to wave him down.  (We ended up being late for our class!)\n\nThe food menu was pretty diverse and a bit more pricey than I expected.  There were no sandwiches or burgers and had to get either a small plate or entree.  Brooks and I tried the fish n chips, which were pretty decent.  Katherine got the grilled ravioli and Oksana tried the Fish Tacos.  We all decided to split the fried ice cream as well which was delicious.\n\nThe best thing on the menu...The Octane Beer...a dark stout combines with espresso = AMAZING!!!!  No doubt do I wish that I could have a glass of this every morning to start my day!\n\nI would go back for the beer...hopefully would be able to give it more stars for better service."
: "My mom and I joined to continue her physical training. She had a stroke last year and has made progress with PT, but now, that has concluded. I have been nothing short of happy with this gym. I was a bit apprehensive in light of the other reviews but in all reality it was the only gym that really fit our needs. Wheelchair accessible, no time limits, exceptional cardio equipment complete with personal TVs for each machine. \n\nAt one point after our tour, we met with the general manager whom since then always greets us and asks us if we need anything. We have not had any errant charges from this establishment. It is always clean and the check in desk people are always nice. We have not  - had any personal training, participated in any classes or pilates, partaken at the cafe, and not used the pool.  We pretty much work out, shower and go. \n\nI will admit that the other members aren't the most friendly people in the world, but we go to the gym to work out, not make friends. Both mom and I enjoy the eye candy though.  All in all, going to this gym is an enjoyable experience where I don't have to deal with a stinky locker room, showers with hair-clogged drains, or waiting around for equipment! It is also nice not to have to drag around toiletries or towels. The only bad things I can come up with is that the main locker room is a little on the small side.  We prefer using the locker room in the Annex though, and we generally get that to ourselves.  They said their busiest time is from 5-7 am but, we don't ever go that early.  Just something to keep in mind if you are an early bird. \n\nTips: join with someone and get the family/household discount. Make sure it is someone you know or love as the fees will only come out of one of the person's accounts every month.  If you are sure that you will workout together you can also then save on the parking and only buy one parking contract. The chip is embedded in the membership card with the contract.  Parking: $25 setup fee and is $8/month which allows for 3hours/day. Membership fees: initiation fees can vary, if you are interested in possibly joining, go in for a tour. You can then ask for a week long membership pass - mom and I were able to acquire one with no problems. Other gyms I have joined in the past really give the hard sell the first day you walk in because they don't want to lose the sale. Not here, they were more than willing to let us check out the gym to make sure it would be aligned with our needs. Subsequently, they will contact you to see if you are interested or if they are having a special on membership fees, but they were never obnoxious or annoying. We joined about a month after our initial visit."
: "Burgers burgers burgers! Yet another review of what I see as a burger place. Honestly I do not know what Joe's is going for here. I mean they have their waiters in american style ties (flag ties) but their steak is 25 dollars. Cheesy but expensive, not a good start. Also when I saw the menu nothing popped out at me like \"that seems good\" etc.\n\nThe waiter I had was very.... mono-tone and did not seem to care, especially when we both ordered burgers (pretty much the cheapest thing on the menu.) The man with the mustache looked away and said \"ok, sounds good\" almost like he had more important things to do other than tend to us.  We eventually got our food and it only got worse.\n\nThe \"hand cut fries\" tasted frozen, you know that extra freezer burn taste you get? Also the burger was fatty, chewy and overcooked all at the same time, not at all pleasant to my taste-buds. It was so bad I honestly only ate half of my dish even though I was starving, I guess thats what you get for picking a restaurant on a whim. \n\nOhhh, but there is more...... lol. The waiter came over and asked how was it? (Again in a mono-tone voice). I replied \"blah, not good at all\" he took our plates and said I will get you the check. What? I mean I am not all the one to complain but he acted like we were trying to get our dinner for free or something.\n\nA snobby wait-staff (I can not believe it, your serving me....) crappy food and high prices, what is right about this place? Idk maybe the location? Maybe somebody forking over 25 bucks for a NY strip? Nothing in my book to make me go back- Nada in my eyes, AVOID THIS PLACE"
: "Gushi used to be one of my favorite places to visit whenever I was craving meat.  They would give me a lot of bulgogi with rice, kimchi, and soda....it was great!  It used to also be super cheap.  The giant plate of meat and rice cost me between $5-6.  Nowadays, the price for their plates are closer to $8-9.  I understand the rising prices, but what's up with skimping out on the portions?"
: "The day I downloaded Scoutmob and saw Sublime had only a day left for a free doughnut I knew I had to go! I was at the point where all I heard was raves and I needed to satisfy my sweet-tooth. Man, was I NOT let down. \n\nMe and my boyfriend got there around 2:00 PM on a Sunday and the line was wrapped around the cozy shop! We waited 20 minutes and it was TOTALLY worth it. There were so many flavor options, I just didn't know which one to get... so we got a dozen! I  honestly can't choose a favorite, each one was executed so well. \n\nA couple weeks later I woke up too early and couldn't get back to sleep so I drove to surprise my boyfriend with breakfast in bed from Sublime. I beat the crowd and the staff was so pleasant and helpful that early in the morning. I chose five and couldn't think of a sixth so I told the lady helping me to surprise me and she did a fantastic job. It was a peace fritter and it was divine.   \n\nThese doughnuts are cooked to perfection. You can tell they are fried and made in-house. The outside is slightly crispy and the inside is soft and airy. I hope to one day try the \"burger!\" \n\nI love that they are in a center with a parking lot and it is very easy to find! Yes, the treats are expensive but it is worth it for an indulgence every now-and-then."
: "Great Mediterranean food. They make their own falafels and they are the best I've ever had! Yummy lentil soup, great home made hummus. It gets a 4 rather than a 5 because I'm not crazy about the entrees I've had. They were OK, just not great. I usually just stick to the appetizer menu. Not  cheap but very good."
: "If you're down to sweat and get freaky on a dance floor to club beats, then this is where it's at. I would suggest a solid 30 minutes of drinking to prepare yourself. The crowd is an interesting mish-mosh of people, and there are always a few lurkers. Despite the inevitable creepers, definitely good for fun nights with your girlfriends or a birthday celebration."
: "Usually when I come, I can get in and out quickly. Recently, I came to buy some sugar and for some reason, couldn't find it. I had to go track down a clerk to help me. As far as I know, I didn't ask with any particular malice, so I was a little disappointed when the clerk, without uttering a single word, much less any audible response, pointed it out, and sped away. Maybe I was an idiot for not seeing it (I had been up and down the aisle several times), but I thought he was rude."
: "I got my first 'real' piercing their and the chick who pierced my lip did a bad job. She ended up marking it wrong twice. She put the needle in crooked and said it looked good...I told her its crooked, she was like ''yeah I was thinking the same thing'', so I was like then fix it please. She did it again and it's still crooked whatever lame...and some of the people who work behind the counter are really rude, but Im not going to go into it. The same chick also did my belly button and guess what it's crooked too-.- and they over price! never again... I should have learned my lesson the first time."
: "My lease experience with Audi  was a nightmare. I leased an A4, it constantly had problems, signaling a low tire pressure and sometimes the convertible top wouldn't close. I only drove the car around 3000 miles per year, so it felt like a joke to turn it in for service every few months. I couldn't wait for the three  years to end, not knowing what waited for me when it was time to return the car.\n Nobody informed me I had to make an appointment for an inspection prior to bringing the car back. I even emailed the sales person a few weeks before the due date, he said: just drop it off. When I finally learned about the inspection, I called the only inspection company they work with to arrange for an appointment, but they were booked a month in advance. \nI had no other choice than turning in the car without an inspection, and trusted  I wouldn't get screwed. After all it was a fantastic deal for them, by that time I had given them over 25.000$ and returned a vehicle that has been sitting most of the time in a garage with less than 13.000 miles. It was a surprise when I got the excess wear and tear bill for almost 1000 $.\nBut I still was optimistic,  I remembered when I signed the lease,  Audi suggested to get a wear and tear insurance for an extra 995$, just for peace of mind. I looked for the documents in my lease agreement, but the sales person only included one page of the insurance contract, without a -how to claim-, or at least a contact information, not even the name of the company was mentioned on this document. It looked like the insurance was under Audi's roof.  Since Audi sold it to me as a hassle free addition I assumed the insurance would automatically pay for the claim. It took me 6 weeks to figure out how to file the claim, get the phone number and name of the insurance, only to hear that my policy has been sold to a different insurance company. This is an unbelievably bad business practice, and the opposite of hassle free or peace of mind. In fact I cringe every time I think about it. Four months later I'm still trying to solve this mess, while the people from Audi Finance are giving me unfriendly phone calls,  and threaten they will send a collecting company after me, if they don't receive a check from the wear and tear insurance in the next 2 weeks. They act like nobody ever had similar problem and try to make me feel bad and guilty, but when I looked at lots of other reviews, I realized Audi Downtown and Audi Finance are just playing a dirty game. It makes me wonder, is this even legally sound?"
: "Excellent Brazilian samba on Wednesday evenings with Maria Souza and Iya Silva!!! It is really fun to relax at the end of a hard work day with some good cardio/dance and cool brazilian moves...Every class starts with a good stretch, followed with simple to medium difficult moves and eventually having a circle and everybody performing their favorite moves! It is super cool and fun."
: "A nice place to chill with a drink and dessert, but seating is usually scarce. Love the pictures of goats decorating the place. They have fantastic desserts - try their tiramisu, which sits in a bed of whipped cream, chocolate sauce, and caramel!"
: "They were really good but unfortunately they are now closed and no longer open for business."
: "Came here for lunch today with a friend, it was both of our first times.  Reviewers on Yelp recommended the spicy ramen and we were in the mood for something soupy, so we both ordered it.\n\nWhen it came, we came to a horrible realization: this bowl of ramen was SHIN RAMEN.  yes, the spicy ramen that comes out of a package that you can buy at an asian supermarket for like less than a dollar.  I've been eating shin ramen for years so I definitely recognized the smell and texture of the soup/noodles.  ugh.\nI don't get how everyone who recommended this on yelp did not notice that this dish is not restaurant-quality ramen!\n\n$7 for a bowl of ramen that I could have made at home, considering I have a 6-pack of shin ramen sitting in my cupboard......what a RIP-OFF.\n\nnever coming back here again. they do not serve real food."
: "Have eaten in this restaurant (in both locations) for over 12 years now, every time the experience is excellent.  In the very competitive restaurant market which is Palo Alto, St. Michaels is a strong contender for best restaurant in the entire city.\n\nWas just there again (in the absolutely beautiful new location) this past weekend for a really cozy dinner.  Service was excellent, completely un-rushed.  My wife and I were amazed at how good the food quality was.  From our salads to the entrees to the desserts, just perfect.\n\nCan't say enough- everytime, and every dish is simply amazing.\n\nEnjoy!"
: "Well, I just love this place.  It's small, for a library, but it's packed full of history.  I love the ornate wood and furniture.  It smells old, but alive; it's the 4th oldest library in the country.  I was able to take pictures with permission from the librarian, as long as the flash was off; I had a blast shooting here.  When you enter the Athenaeum, you feel as if you're walking into a different era."
: "We loved this place! Don't be fooled by the long line as everyone says it moves at lightning speed. I thought I was ready but I wasn't and I was asked to decide very quickly \n\nThe cookies and ice cream are mostly super delicious. We shared three between ourselves. The sugar cookie was super hard and basically inedible. Which was a bummer.\n\nThe customer service is basic. They aren't mean or anything but they aren't super duper nice. But for $1.50 that is one hell of an ice cream sandwich."
: "Fantastic.  I've had everything and it's all fantastic.  Love their experimental menus.  People are awesome and friendly.  They are very clean as well.  You can't go wrong with anything you get.  I see a lot of reviews for the tea, but the coffee wins hands down!  \nLately I have really been enjoying the short rib tacos.  They are great!  I really like the curry but its so much food I can't usually finish it and I hate wasting.  \nThere is always a wait, but it's worth it.  \n\nThis is where it's at people, if there were open on the weekends or had a restuarant, i'd eat there even more! :)"
: "Really nice and sweet staff.\n\nThe cupcake I ate (the banana one) was extremely sweet i wasn't able to finish it."
: "Great sweet potato fries. The Mediterranean salad was good, too. The best part was feeling like we were in a different state while eating dinner there. I don't know exactly what it was, but there was something about being there that felt like vacation somewhere else. (I've only been once, so hard to jump right into a five-star review, especially without trying breakfast or even walking into the facilities.) I enjoyed my hot tea, but was a bit confused by the use of hard plastic cups for hot beverages."
: "This place is terrible. Our soup was about half full, the amount of sashimi we received for $25 was pathetic, and the salad consisted of about five pieces of lettuce. On top of that the server only brought out one dish and then when she was informed she forgot a dish, she left and then came back and told us they had just been backed up- there was no one else in the restaurant without food.\n\nOverall a terrible experience. Both of us feel sick after eating here. I think it is a case for the health inspector. Would never go back."
: "Details:\nSaturday night, immediate seating for two... what more could you ask for? Service was amazing, perfect timing and recommendations. Nothing left to say.\n\nRatings:\nService: A\nAmbiance: A\nCocktails:\nGingerita: A-\nFood:\nChicken Liver Pate: B+\nSpanish Salt Cod: A-\nRoasted Exotic Mushrooms: A\nCream Cheese Flan: A"
: "While I'm not a big drinker or seafood eater, I was still rather pleased with my experience at this bar.\nWhile the drinks seemed rather expensive, everyone seemed pleased with them.\nI was tempted to try and share the surf and turf platter with my boyfriend, but we both ended up getting a diablo chicken sandwich. 2 orders of which were less than the one order of the surf and turf.\nWhen I saw that the plate came with fries, I was expecting something like I had experienced at the Real Seafood Company... maybe 10 fries on the plate. When the plate was served, I was happy to see that the whole plate was COVERED with fries. As I was eating, I actually discovered a pickle buried underneath the fries. The sandwich was really satisfying and I couldn't even finish the fries.\nI like the ambiance of the bar, but I don't really know if I'll ever go there again without the suggestion of someone else.\nThe price range really depends on how much of a drinker you are. For a sandwich and a soft drink you could easily spend less than $20."
: "Well, yes, it's good, but not 5-star worthy.  \n\nBurger was very good, altho based on all the reviews and pictures, I thought it was actually going to be a little larger??  I had the steakhouse with tots and didn't have an issue finishing it.  \n\nBeer prices were reasonable.\n\nNot sure what's going on back around the bathroom area.  Is there a speak-easy hidden somewhere?\n\nDefinitely not my type of crowd, when talking about the clientele that works there, but I can shoot and talk some serious shit to them so it worked out well.  Our waitress(es) fired right back at me and I gave them props.  I tried lighting a few things on fire once they came and lit the candles but I almost got judo-chopped by waitress #1.\n\nOh, and wtf is that swill they serve in those 5 for $12 buckets by Red Brick/ABC Brewing with the Vortex logo on it?  Some kind of Amber Ale?  That stuff tasted worse than that Old Style shit they serve around Wrigley.  I literally forced myself to down three of them since my other two friends could barely finish one.\n\nOverall, great place, and great food.  It just lacked in the hype that surrounded it.  Would definitely go back, tho."
: "The decor is really nice, I loved being inside here at night along the windows, just made everything really comfortable. \n\nThe service was very attentive, friendly, and helpful. I asked to help choose a meal and the waiter was excited to do so. Great!\n\nThe Food....Wasn't bad but also not the best I've had. Plentiful yes, and the fact that you get four samosas for about $6 is pretty nice, usually you get two. Needless to say I had a lot of leftovers so I got to enjoy it twice."
: "When I first came to Stanford I was so happy to find such a healthy, delicious and environmentally conscience restaurant on campus.  I have been a regular for the last two years and I never get tired of the selection.  The portions of most meals are huge and leave enough leftover for a 5pm snack.   And I love that they serve ethically raised meat, compost, recycle and do everything they can to reduce their environmental impact.\n\nMy favorites include:\nCarnitas Tacos-2 meals for the price of one!\nSignature salad-the pecans and  sliced pears make this salad\nMacro platter- a new selection of vegetables every day.\nBuild your own salad bar- I had to cut myself off because I end up spending $10, everything looks so good.\n\nI love the patio out back but there is never enough room and don't arrive after 2pm.  The lunch ladies will not serve you if you are late and are slightly nasty about it."
: "Yuck. The beer was delicious, but my salad was not. I think the kitchen thought they could hide the fact that their lettuce was old and slimy by drowning it in salad dressing, but they were wrong. I am no fool. You know how when you buy a bag of mesclun salad and forget about it in the fridge for a week, and it gets all melty and gross? Well, that's what they served me. The nerve. My companion's veggie burger and fries were good, but I cannot forgive that salad. It's just plain mean to serve someone that."
: "This place used to be THE PLACE to go to a concert because it had everything, a great stage, great seating, incredible parking, just the best but since Stanford went corporate a few years ago it doesn't hold many shows any more.\n\nThe Dead used to play here every year and it was quite the scene but Stanford put the kibosh on anything fun anymore.\n\nNow the only way to get in to see Frost is to go for a graduation but if you don't know anybody why?\n\nIt is too bad because this could really be a cool place to see outdoor shows. I am giving it 5 stars for the memories and the potential but those days are gone forever in the memories of those who were there."
: "I find the food here to be just average, and a little overpriced.  \n\nI usually just get chicken fingers & mozzarella sticks, and they're as expected, nothing special.  I find the pizza to be very greasy, so I avoid it.\n\nThe food takes an unusually long time for them to prepare, and the service is not very good; the staff often stands chatting amongst themselves when you are waiting for them to notice you and take your order."
: "I signed up for YELP just to shout to the WWW that this man is a FANTASTIC dentist!  He and his staff have always been so kind to me.  They have never once made me feel pressured to buy product or have unnecessary work done on my teeth.   Dr. Kim has actually repaired a couple of chipped teeth for me for free (when he knows that if I'd only purchase a mouth guard from him, chipped teeth would NOT be a problem).  He asked me to bring in my cheap mouth guard from CVS so that he could trim the edges and make it more comfortable for me.  The appointment took about one hour of HIS time and his lead hygienist's time (Caroline) and he did not charge me.  He is a good man with excellent business practices.  I will sing his praises and spread the word about his excellent practice every chance I get.  Keep up the great work Dr. Kim and staff!  Your really are a special team and I am so glad I found you!"
: "I should preface my review with the fact that I haven't been back there since 2005.  So I don't think I have ever been to a better tobacconist in my life.  I am a ryo (roll your own) smoker and this place is the mecca for great tobacco products.  They also sell an incredibly large line of cigarettes from all over the world.  And they sell them in loosey form too so you can try something to see if you like them.\n\nI miss this place terribly and their incredible selection."
: "my family and i came here one sat afternoon for lunch.  the service was ok and somewhat slow.  the place was empty.  seemed like they newly renovated it, everything looks so new.  there's a sushi bar and some hibachi tables.  nice and clean decor, definitely has an asian feel to it!  some poor things i noted, there are no baby changing station in either bathrooms! the service was slow. the parsley garnish on our foods were already starting to brown and dry out. this was surprising being their first customers for the day. however, there were lots of shrimps in the pad thai.  at least my meal was delicious.  not sure if i'll come back....there are better places close by....."
: "Wow.  This was one of the best mistakes I've ever made.  We were lost in Central Square trying to get to a house party, so we decided to stop by the nearest bar.  We wouldn't have even noticed there was a bar on this dimly lit street if there weren't people smoking outside of it.  It looked a bit sketchy, but we decided to go for a quick drink anyway.  We walked inside, and it was NICE... and they had superb bartenders who made extraordinary drinks.  Our quick beer plan turned into a few slowly savored cocktails.  They close a bit earlier (1a on Saturday night), but this really isn't a party-all-night kind of place anyhow."
: "Walking into Gourmet Heaven and actually making a selection can be a bit overwhelming with their extensive and diverse offerings.  Whatever I have chosen, rarely disappoints.\n\nFrom their coffee to fresh toasted bagels topped with cracked egg sandwiches for breakfast or Turkey, Apple and Brie sandwich at lunch or Asparagus, Green Bean and Almond salad for dinner.\n\nMy mouth waters every time I pass the salad bar with its assortment of fresh tossed and inventive salads to the warm offerings of dumplings, peanut chicken, or curry.  It is all delicious and dangerous because you pay by the pound!  I always like to try a bit of everything, and have to exhibit self control otherwise I would be spending upwards of $20 on the salad bar!\n\nThe sandwich menu is huge and a bit intimidating but the staff always accomodates special requests. \n\nGreat spot, and lots of option!  I definitely recommend checking it out!"
: "With so many choices for thai food my question is why do people even bother with this place? Maybe I went there on the cooks 'off' day but I had the pad thai was not good, I couldn't even eat it all. I love thai food and was so disappointed. Go to Thai 65 if you're in the U-District, it's much better..."
: "This is easily the best bookstore I've ever been to, and one of about three reasons that I put up with the existence of Telegraph Ave, Berkeley's own run-down theme park of its overblown past.  During all the bitching and moaning that has accompanied the closure of Cody's Books, Berkleyites rushed to blame the influx of corporate bookselling chains into the area, but to me the cause of its closing seemed perfectly clear: A much better independent bookseller was on the same block!\r\n\r\nMoe's Books is, in my opinion, such a damn good book store because it fulfills two functions for me.  One, when I need a book, I can count on them to have it.  Two, when I don't need a book, I can count on them to have something interesting to look at and kill time.\r\n\r\nBut that just makes them a really awesome bookstore.  The icing on the already delicious literary cake is their ample Classics section, devoted specifically to historical and literary works of Ancient Greece and Rome, oftentimes in the original Latin and Greek.  Call me a snob, but I feel like a pretty kickass person for shopping there."
: "From the outside I was expecting more of an Irish Pub feel, but it turned out to be more of a Western saloon.  Don't bother with the food here, this joint is strictly for boozin'!  They did have Powers Irish Whiskey, which was a surprise."
: "Lunch Buffet is great ! \na good variety .. good service .. \nyou will also get 5% discount if you pay by cash"
: "Their women's crew team has won the most national championships out of all the sports at UW.  The new boathouse is beautiful.  And the athletic department is turning around for the better.   Bow Down to Washington..."
: "The egg bagel was gorgeous-looking. And just as good tasting, plus tons of cream cheese. I will totally be coming back to this place."
: "I had a very unpleasant experience with this taxi service. \nThe taxi was 20 minutes late, & that's in Ithaca on a weekday, middle of the day.When I called to check where the car was, i was told to wait patiently. No apologies, or at least explanations. After I was picked up, we stopped to pick up someone else. I do not believe that this service should be called taxi, if they are not coming on time, & picking up multiple passengers.\nUnfortunately the company is a monopolist, so they don't feel they need to compete with anyone. If I have a choice next time, I'd rather ask someone to give me a ride!"
: "Went in a couple of days ago, before the annual Seattle \"I-need-ice-cream-I've-never-seen-the-sun\" epidemic hit.  There were three choices of vegan ice cream & a sorbet, which is perfect for me, as I am lactose intolerant.  They aren't kidding about the single scoop being large, though.  It's so large that you can get two flavors, and it comes in a normal-sized soup bowl.  Definitely take a friend!"
: "Spot on.  I had the Miso Sea Bass and garden green salad.  That Sea Bass was super-fresh, and almost melted at the touch of my fork.  Also tried the cream cheese frosting carrot cake and it was amazing.  \n\nWe were talking politics and out waiter joined in.  Cool guy.  Nice to get some more engagement."
: "Two dollar matinees, three dollar evening showings and one dollar hot dogs? The theater isn't the biggest, but is the best deal around. I haven't been able to catch many movies lately because I can't afford to shell out 12 dollars every weekend, but I can certainly part with two bucks. A treasure."
: "You can fight me on the stars, but I think its very average, anyplace that that has a hamburger in its name should have the best burger around.  But here is my tip!!!  Check out Friday and Saturday Nights.  After 9 PM drinks are $1 for girls.  It sounds like a win/win.  My understanding is that there are new owners, maybe they'll shore up the kitchen"
: "I like this place. Family owned and run.  Just a great overall experience, plus the sandwiches are awesome.  I wish there were more places like this."
: "UGH. I am horribly disgusted with this place. The atmosphere wasn't too bad (we came pretty early though) and the decor was nice... BUT THAT WAS IT. The hookah tasted like CRAP (we got the mix fruit, didn't taste like it very much... more like tobacco and mint). When I asked them for a coal change, they took coal from another hookah and put it onto ours. We were charged $43 for ONE hookah and 3 bottles of water. WHAT THE FUCK?! While we were looking at the menu outside the restaurant they were rushing us in. UGH. DON'T EVER COME HERE FOR HOOKAH. I'm not sure about the food, but their shady-ness ain't nice. If I could give them ZERO STARS, I would. So please, don't come here. If you really want hookah, go to the Gypsy Cafe ACROSS THE STREET."
: "I really don't know where to start praising Chichen Itza for it's talent and professionalism!\n\nGilberto Jr. worked with my husband and I when we were looking for a caterer for our wedding. We tried this, tried that, but couldn't find a caterer for a Mexican meal without it being fajitas or street tacos. When I first spoke to Gilberto he asked what region of Mexico our families were from and he designed a spectacular menu that was friendly to our 'food' budget (a very modest figure for 200 guests). We exchanged some emails and next was the tasting...He blew us away!\n\nGilberto proposed we have ceviche, guac., and assorted salsas as an appetizer, barbacoa and mole poblano as the main dish along with a jicama and orange green salad, not to mention the aguas frescas, cafe de hoya, and hand made tortillas that helped complete the picture...It was an amazing spread.\n\nWhat really won my husband and I over is Gilberto's dedication to his craft. Although we had already signed a contract and paid a deposit, when I mentioned to him the type of meat cut my mom, a traditional Mexican mother, uses in her barbacoa he insisted that we come back for a second tasting. He of course noted that he couldn't compete with mom, but wanted to make something that would satisfy her biased palate. He had us come in to try two variations of the barbacoa to make sure he had it right. At no time did he make us feel like this was a burden, in fact he displayed nothing but enthusiasm throughout the process and we were thrilled to try his food.\n\nThe day of our wedding the food was served buffet style and everyone loved the food. My husband and I didn't miss out, we actually anticipated having Gilberto's mole and barbacoa, it was great, just like at the tastings. Our guests were just as pleased as we were to have authentic Mexican food. The compliments are still rolling in, and I point them towards Chichen Itza.\n\nSince we were introduced to Chichen Itza we've become frequent patrons of the restaurant and even have a copy of their recently published cookbook. We will never stop being impressed by their level of professionalism, attention to detail, and wonderful customer service."
: "A very dark and funky bar, that looks to be set up more for sit down food and quick bites than drinking and carrying on.  \n\nThe place made me feel like a dinosaur. Did I mention it was dark? I had to hold my menu up to the streetlight coming in from the window to read it. Yes, the brightest source of light in the place was coming from outside. The \"background\" music was deliberately loud and bizarre. At one point there was a tune headlined by Miss Piggy.  I didn't know that the Muppets had come back into vogue.  \n\nI tried the house named Fez burger, which was nicely cooked but way over salted, like \"whoops my god that's a lot of salt, maybe nobody will notice\" incident in the kitchen kind of salty. Turned out really terrible.  \n\nThe french fries in a basket were just OK, a touch better than my visit to The Fez."
: "Just OK, but very expensive."
: "Delish! We were visiting Columbia'a campus and found this place on Yelp. It definitely lived up to expectations. We ordered a a few small plates to share. The grilled octopuc dish was great and very well done, and the seard yellowfin tuna nicoise salad was excellent as well. I would definitely or that again if I ever make it back to Morningside Heights. We also ordered the saganaki, a very cheesy Greek dish, and it was pretty good. Service was great as well."
: "I feel bad about writing a bad review about a place that everyone seems to love so much.  I think that you need to try the place at least once.  I've gone once a year for the past seven years and have had a bad experience every time.  From bad service to horribly cooked food, to soggy buns, it's always been something there.\n\nOne time the burger was completely overcooked and the server had no interest in hearing my always polite non condescending request for another burger cooked medium rare, not blackened to the point of being inedible.\n\nI think their menu is creative and funny, and as a Harvard Square institution, I think it's worth a visit.  If you don't like the burgers though, it's okay.  You're normal.  Get thee to River Gods or RF O'Sullivan's."
: "I was in there about a year or so ago and had a pretty decent Italian Grinder. They made it just the way I like it..with oil and vinegar instead of mayo and toasted it to boot. I like to eat it there while it still warm. Pretty good eats but this is not the Ritz."
: "The chocolate dipped strawberry was sooooo delicious. The milk chocolate on it was just divine. The caramel apple with pecans was okay. I was not impressed, but I'll be back for the strawberry :)"
: "Simply superb!  This is the BEST Starbucks in University City!  The baristas are always so friendly and it's a great place to study and hang out if you're a student.  It's a lot roomier and has couches and comfortable seating unlike the Starbucks at 34th and Walnut.  Don't even get me started on that one!  Starbucks at 34th and Walnut is really small, claustrophobic, constantly noisy and has hard seating.  In fact it is very much what you would expect a torture chamber to feel like!  There's a striking similarity if I do say so myself!  The only thing that's missing is being handcuffed to the chair!"
: "Great place for used CD's. \n\nAlso you can bring your dog in the store which is great as I don't want to leave the poor guy outside on that part of Telegraph."
: "The first piece of Spicy Tuna I popped in my mouth... MMMMM so soft it melted in my mouth!!!  Come here for the sushi, and nothing else!!!  We ordered 3 sushi rolls and some Udon, and the only downside to the place is the STEEP STEEP prices.  I would say the sushi is extremely worthwhile, but the Udon was nowhere near the $10 they charge for. \n\nThe restaurant itself is adorable, and I'm assuming it's owned by an old Japanese couple.  Every time a new guest walks in, the husband runs up to the entrance and bangs on the drums to welcome you.  It's tooo cute!  there are also a bunch of Japanese figurines on a shelf that makes the place distinct.\n\nI would probably come back here if there was some special occasion.  Their sushi rolls are just sliiiightly higher than other sushi places, but the quality is so good, I can't really complain.  Especially their sashimi... OMG!  Beware though, they charge you for the green tea, which we were not aware of.  they also seem a tiny bit short-staffed, there was only one waitress when we were there.  she was prompt and attentive but I sitll feel like someone else can lessen her slack a bit!\n\nALL IN ALL, it's on the list of \"I'LL BE BACK WHEN I STRIKE IT RICH\" places!  It's one of the very few times when sushi came close to putting me in a state of puuure bliss :)"
: "I first have to say that I love how they sell local cheeses and products. There are very few of these places around, so I'm glad they filled the void. Next, I ate here for brunch a few weeks ago and wasn't overly impressed. Granted, it was a $9 buffet, so you can't expect culinary wonders, but the food was lacking in quality. They had a few different types of frittatas(one with and one w/o meat) which was.....ok. I don't think you should have to salt food since it should come well-seasoned already, but this I had to salt because there was not flavor other than plain egg and vegetables. They had bacon and sausage gravy and biscuits, but no gravy w/o meat, so I had some plain biscuits with butter. The bacon looked.....VERY burnt, but the gravy looked really good. They also had waffles(buckwheat or buttermilk) to order, but the \"maple\" syrup really didn't taste like real syrup, or it was too dilute so that I couldn't really get the true maple flavor to come out. They had a fruit salad which was basically fruit cocktail from a can, but once again...its a $9 buffet. \n\nUnfortunately they don't serve any drinks like Mimosas or anything, so you're stuck with juice or water. They do sell bottles of wine here, but you have to love Indiana and its law of no liquor sales on Sunday, so I couldn't go home with a bottle. \n\nI've heard their lunch food is better, so I'll definitely go back and try that sometime."
: "I almost did not choose to stay here due to poor reviews both here and elsewhere on the net, but ultimately decided that the location could not be beat for my purposes.  \n\nWe were really very pleased with our stay.  The one major complaint in many of the reviews ... noise, WAS a factor one night out of three, with loud drunken male voices in the hallway, but the rest of our stay was close to flawless.  I was unbelievably happy to be given check-in at 9:30AM (!) after an exhausting red-eye flight.  I would happily stay here again for a good, comfortable hotel in a great location."
: "oh man we really had high hopes for the restaurant because the cafe is pretty good but what a let down!  i swear this place survives on location alone.  a repeat visit for brunch really proves to me that their food is just not that good.\n\nfor dinner, we started with olives, ricotta gnocchi and then shared the pizza, porkchop, artic char, shortribs and duck.  i also had the onion garlic soup. we also shared asparagus and wilted greens.  the warm bread and soft butter was good!  the olives were warm and yummy as well.  i dont like gnocchi but theses were more like ricotta cheese balls.  so very mild.  the chicory and pancetta pizza was spicy! but the soup was a salt lick!  also the porkchop.  it was so so salty!!!  we had to send it back and the second one was also way too salty to eat!\n\nwe came for brunch on a saturday afternoon and of course the place was packed.  the server recommended the french toast and the burger so the bf and i shared both.  the bloody marys were super slow to come out.  we ordered 3 which came first and then another 2 which came when we were well into our meal.  the bloody marys are good!  but there is very little alcohol in them\n\nonto the french toast.  man.  these are not good.  i tried to eat more than one piece but i think i grossed myself out.  for some reason the thick bread had been soaked in milk?  so every bite i took was like biting into a soggy sponge.  or what i would imagine that to be like.  yuck!  if they wanted to execute this correctly i think they would have needed to soak the bread in a mixture of eggs, milk, and condensed milk.  then give it a good go on the pan.  then maybe into the oven.   this would achieve a custardy centre and crispy outside.  their version sucks\n\ni think they need another yelp account for the bakery next door because that is not bad at all!  we ran into mayfield bakery for a quick bite.  i really shouldnt base my experience on a hungry outing but everything here was really good!  we went to the bakery only not the cafe.\n\nthe green salad is anything but.  even though the name is less than descriptive, the flavors really pack a punch.  it had black cherries, proscuitto, cheese, and marcona almonds.  on the side there was a cherry balsamic and oil dressing.  delicious!\n\ni also had a ham and cheese pannini.  the gruyere and ham was perfect!  \n\nbf had the chicken sandwich and that was good too!"
: "Ranks pretty low on my list of Harvard Square tea shops (ignoring all the big chains).  I got my first ever bubble tea here - and the tapioca balls were not fully cooked.  That means that they were crunchy.  Yuck.  I didn't know that wasn't how bubble tea should taste, otherwise I would have sent it back!\n\nWhen I came back a couple months later on a busy day, the tea was fine, but my friend and I were jostled by a lot of rude customers who seemed really intent on taking up as much space as possible.  Obviously, this isn't the fault of anyone behind the counter, but a little bit of work on chair placement could go a long way."
: "Ok, so it's not the Hilton (but I haven't liked a Hilton since Paris) but it is a pretty decent hotel close to downtown and campus.  Shower is good, beds are nice, the TV's are adequate but a little small, and the rate is comparable to the other 2 hotels close to campus.  The room layout is a little odd, but it slept 3 people comfortably, except for the AC.  The AC blew cold air but didn't seem large enough to cool both \"rooms.\"  when the \"sitting room\" was cool the \"bedroom\" was a meat locker.  Then the sun came up and the bedroom got steamy and my friend on the couch bed caught hypothermia.\n\nI can live with the fluctuating temperatures, but the customer service here is more temperamental than the environmental controls.  I feel like there is a disconnect between what the owners think is happening and the real field situation.  We were told that the convertible sofa would be ummm.......converted......when we got there.   Nope, we had to set up the sofa bed and rob some pillows from the other bed.  There also wasn't much material to sleep under to combat the sub-zero conditions in the sitting room after dawn.  \n\nAlso,  when we checked in we were told that if the covered parking out back was full we could park in the garage across the street.  I found a spot out back and parked for the night.  We walked downtown to eat and returned to the hotel room to rest up for the bar crawl that was about to commence.  As soon as we get in the room the phone starts ringing.  It's the front desk asking us to move our vehicle to the garage.  My wife went to move the vehicle and spoke to the guy at the front desk who said that the covered spots were reserved.  What? Reserved for who?  There is plenty of reserved parking for check-ins and loading, and there is no sign on the covered parking that says anything about being reserved.  Did I not pay enough to park at the hotel?  \n\nThere were also a multitude of other minor annoyances that wouldn't fly at a Super 8, but appear to be OK for here.\n\nSo, the AC and customer service sucks, the location is nice and the price is right.  If I were to rank the 3 hotels close to campus, it would go: 1. The Inn at Virginia Tech, and tied for second would be this place and the Holiday Inn."
: "Went last night with a group of 4. Service was a little slow/sloppy and we had trouble getting a steak cooked to the right temperature. However, some of the food was really good and the ambiance is nice.\n\nPros:\nCrab and artichoke dip was great\nCaeser salad was good\n\nCons:\nService was sloppy (spilled half an app, brought wrong soup, had incorrect items on the bill)\nTried twice to get a steak medium well, but it came out raw both times (ended up getting an app comped)\nAngus tenderloin was unremarkable\nService was slow; table next to us was seated 10 minutes later and got same apps (salad and soup) 10 minutes before us"
: "God Bless Haley's Lock Safe & Key!  We were petsitting for our neighbors and called our local locksmith in Monticello, IN, who wouldn't return our calls.  The lock had broken and was spinning freely so we couldn't get into the house to let the dogs out and feed them and the cat.  Finally, after 15 hours and on Sunday morning, we gave up on the Lock Doctor and called Haley's. \n\nThe receptionist connected us to Matt, the locksmith, who told us the price, spoke to the homeowners for permission, and drove 45 minutes to meet us at the house.  Knowing he was charging $140.00 for the service call all the way out here and on a Sunday no less, Matt tried to save them money by putting a recycled knob and lock on which matched their top lock, took 20 mintues doing so, gave us two keys and was super nice.  We signed some release forms and gave him a check.  If we had known it would be so easy dealing with Haley's, we would have given-up on the Lock Doctor entirely."
: "If you have no idea of what the term \"Slumming it\" means, then go and book a room here to find out. The place is not that great for what you pay. I would say it's mediocre at best. But not all that. 72 bucks a night on a non peak season weekend? You gotta be serious. I stayed at the roach motel 6 and they had better rooms. My friend decided to book this room since originally I had thought about the Austin Motel and the San Jose. His first comments were \"Those motels are for tourists, couples, and trendy sheeple...No...Let's not go there\" So the Rodeway Inn was to be it for the weekend...The rooms were not that decrepit but not that much from it. The chairs were dirty and on had a stain on it which was apparently visible. the carpets were a little dingy, the bed spreads were a cheese yellow with weird Aztec patterns. The bath water was a little too murky but I guess if I had no other choice I would live with it. Basically what you get is a roof over your head, a hot shower, a comfy bed, TV, Microwave, Fridge....Well, I retract my earlier rant a little for a minute here. I want to like this place because the location is actually top notch for the price. You are biking distance from downtown and I am not talking distance ala Lance Armstrong here. It's right off of 30th street on the UT campus side of I-35. We stayed here and did not have to drive once to get where we wanted to go. So I will say that for the location, the price was just right. You see I am trying to discourage enough people to go here that way when I go back I have a guaranteed room to stay in while in Austin. This place is a good choice to \"Slum It\" Oh and make sure that you tell them NOT to put a motel room right above you with 20 high school kids pounding around all night. Other than that it was cool."
: "Interesting to see that other people also had some pronunciation difficulties with the staff here. I'm usually skeptical of double-asian fusion places, and in this case with good reason.\n\nThe layout of the restaurant itself is weird. You have to walk to the back of the restaurant and do a u-turn to get to the tables.\n\nThe pho broth was watery and the chicken was cheap and nasty. They didn't bring any of the hot sauce or hoisin sauce it usually comes with, and when I asked for hoisin sauce it came in a tiny little dish. Stingy."
: "No Wait on Saturday at 1:00\nQuick\nVery Friendly\nGreat Haircut\n$15\n\nI'm new to the area, but it doesn't get any better than that."
: "When we were in Berkeley, it took us a year or two to find this place. \nOnce we found it, we ate there once a week for a year!\nTheir servings are ridiculously generous, \nthe prices are dirt cheap \nand this was overall my favorite sushi place in the area.\n\nYou don't necessarily eat hear for the atmosphere, just the solid food, good convo w/friends, and the price!\n\nWe did notice that the evening cook staff seems better than the lunch staff. \nAlso, do take advantage of the till 2am delivery service (wish we still could!)"
: "The food is to die for, but you might be waiting a while and have to deal with short hours of operation."
: "Look at all these poor reviews.  I go to Wholefoods, but I have more money than sense (as I did, even when I was poor).  \n\nIt is cheap, if you have a car then it has parking and it has beer.  Cool. \n\nExcept the fresh produce is rubbish."
: "Outstanding atmosphere and A+ on the lights and holiday decorations.  Obviously very popular and it's a perfect Harvard Square-type place.  You know it gets packed when they keep stanchions on the street!  Good spot for a date...\n\nFairly expensive for what you get - this is definitely high-quality stuff, but not the best tasting.\n\nI will admit we did NOT get the hot chocolate - and I hear this is the gem.  I'll come back and give that a chance."
: "So I went here for dinner last night.  I know they've only been open a week, so I have high hopes for them still.  I thought the atmosphere was great- I love the communal tables.  But the menu looked like a cheap photocopy and they didn't have everything on it yet.  Also, limited options for those vegetarian or gluten-free people out there.  Still, my salad was pretty decent, and the location is great.  I'll be back again in a few weeks to see how things shape up."
: "I was here not more than 4 hours ago. The food was relatively good, as we were the drinks. The service was moderate since it was quite busy, but the ambiance was nice."
: "The food is mostly junk. Not junk food, but poorly crafted food. The milkshake was good. The burger was... well, better than McDo (maybe). The Ruben didn't have any sauce. I confused the clam chowder for veggie soup and the mushroom soup for clam chowder. The fries tasted like an easy bake oven experiment. But! The ketchup bottle was pretty full. Too bad I didn't leave full. I'm going to have a chat with Seinfeld about his choice of dining..."
: "We ordered from Zigo Catering for our holiday party and everyone LOVED the food!!\n\nRichard and Peter were so helpful and patient during the ordering process. The delivery guys were funny, efficient and super nice. \n\nThe Butternut Squash Tortellini and Sesame Crusted Chicken with Thai Noodles were DELISH. And the Garlic Mashed Potatoes and Holiday Salad? Nom nom nom! The only not-great food was the steak, which ended up being a bit tough and fatty.\n\nFor dessert, we got a pastry platter and a Poinsetta Roulade, which had NOTHING left as it was amazing - rich, creamy - pretty much fudge in a cake.\n\nThey also did little touches - name cards for the food, nice white platters that were ours to keep, etc. - that just added to the experience.\n\nThere's a location near where I work, and I definitely plan on getting lunch there in the future (I've tried their chili and WOW! So great)."
: "We went to eat here in July while on vacation near SLO. A family with two teenagers and a dog. The deck in back on the creek was really beautiful and such a pleasure to sit on with a big tree growing through it. We were able to bring our dog and they even had a water bowl for him and a separate menu. We ordered him his own doggie burger. Staff was very friendly. In a cool neighborhood, too. The food was good. Not quite as amazing as I'd been led to expect by other reviews, but good and when we come through here again, we'll definitely stop by."
: "I ordered the gyro pocket and my girlfriend got the grilled chicken pocket. I typically don't like hummus, but I thought I'd try something new and ordered my \"pocket\" with everything.  It was the most delicious wrap I have ever had.  It was delicious and unlike any other gyro I've ever had, it didn't make me feel greasy afterwards.  My girlfriends chicken pocket was equally good and the service there was fast and friendly.  I would definitely hit this spot up again on our next trip to Providence."
: "The wife had a craving for wood fire pizza and I found this place from Yelp.  We got the insalata tricolore, forza pizza (truffle oi, arugula and goat cheese) and forestire pizza (I think that's what it was called and it had mushroom, salami, marinara sauce). We also got complimentary bread with tomato sauce.  The bread and sauce were fantastic.  We enjoyed both pizzas.  The thin crust was crispy but some of the pieces were soggy in the middle.  The toppings on the forza pizza went well together.  The other pizza was good but we thought the mushrooms were okay.  The salad was fresh.  Overall the food was good.  Service was overall good too.  I would've given 5 stars for the pizza but they didn't make a pie as good as Pizza Mozza."
: "This place would be so much better if each plate wasn't 15$. I'd pay 10$ for the amount of food a plate is. 2 scoopsamount of colorful rice, the meat dish, and grilled veggies.\n\nThe wait time for the food was marginally longer than average.\n\nGood food though, but not good enough to come back on my own free will."
: "The only mom and pop bakery near Glendora! Love their pumpkin spice, mocha cookies. The strawberry cupcake is a little slice of heaven. Yummy!"
: "Maybe it's because we went on a really busy night?\nMaybe it's because nice tips just don't matter to these people?\nMaybe it's because I'm not as cute as I think I am?\n\nAnyway, the skinny -\n\nAtmosphere - 3 stars\nOutside:  the fire pit outside did not keep us warm enough inside.  Maybe they should consider bringing it indoors to serve as a makeshift fireplace in the late fall and winter months?  \nI used to study landscape architecture and in my nonprofessional opinion, I believe the tables, chairs and fire pit outside are a poor use of space.  Not inviting enough to eat outside in any weather.\n\nInside:  A little chilly on both visits, but tolerable, esp. when you get a few beers in you.  I love the green space and enjoyed picking each and every detail apart.  Great use of recycled materials! \nSeating was sub par at the bar, but not meant to be comfy.  \nHaven't experienced the dining area, so I am unable to comment\n\nFood: 3 stars\nI've only had happy hour and give lots of points for the fried clams and pretzel bite things with horseradish and cheese dip.\nI had this saffron noodle dish that was so rich with saffron and cheese that I couldn't enjoy it.\nBeer is great on tap as always...\n\nService: 2 stars\nNo blatant thought put into the service on their part.  Although rushed, the bartender/waiter/bus man-boy took forever to bring me my fried clams.  If I ever go back, I'll have to order like 3 at a time, because by the time I got my first serving, happy hour was just about over.  According to the twb, the kitchen gets upset with him when he gives them an order so close to happy hour ending :(    I should have took advantage of his obvious emasculation and demanded my clams, but it's not about me right?\n\n:)  Just for the $3 clams and Hager, I'd say put your dominatrix boots on and pay a visit."
: "The store itself is really small, although they have seating outside. There is a duck that occasionally hangs around the seating area and acts cute to try to get some food.\n\nThe pizza proportions are pretty good, extra large is really what it is and it will fill you up for sure. Alas, campus pizza fails in the most important thing of all, the taste. Campus pizza is often described as rubber/cardboard pizza and after trying it over a few times, it is not an exaggeration. The sauce on the pizza is minimal, and the pizza does not taste very tender at all. The toppings are so-so. Pricing is so-so as well.\n\nOnly reason why it receives two stars instead of one is because it stays open relatively late, and because of the duck."
: "As people said before, this is an In n' Out burger at a much higher cost. This place has obviously been around for years, and it's nice to go there for the experience, but do not go there for the service. We walked in, and waited just a few minutes to sit at the bar. We weren't served for 10 minutes. The lady that was serving customers at the bar told us she would be with us in a minute. She ended up serving the customers that came in long after us first, helped other customers, then decided to ask us what we wanted to drink. She didn't warm up to us until after we had our meal, then decided to be chatty. We ordered some pie, ( pumpkin and chocolate ). Boxed chocolate pudding pie was better than the chocolate pie I had there. I was polite as usual, but there's nothing I hate worse than horrible service. Especially when we paid over $30 for 2 cheeseburgers, 2 pieces of pie, and 2 drinks. I will admit that I was already starving when I walked in, and I do get grumpy. But I would recommend that you stick with In n' Out. Much better service and price for a just as good burger."
: "Regarding the taste, its typical of ALL the frozen yoghurt places, BUT, this place has WAY more options if you're into the Asian feel. They have red beans, tapioca, and some unique Asian flavors I suggest ANYONE with a little bit of pizazz to try out. \n\nSide note: I'm a little annoyed. \nStoryline: There is a $5 card minimum and I had it at 4.94... and they made me go back to put some more in, and I put in ONE piece of lychee and it went up to 6 bucks... *sigh*"
: "Closest thing I've found to NYC Brunching :)"
: "Delicious korean food, never had any of the sushi because I've heard it isn't great. The service has been fine every time I've been there"
: "Godness, I love to eat at this restaurant. It is by far my favorite (and closest!) place to eat out.\n\nService/Decor: Food comes out pretty fast, maybe within 10 minutes. There aren't individual tables but there's bar-seating that faces out onto the street. Looks pretty clean. Did I mention IT CLOSES AT 1AM? AWESOME.\n\nFood: Manhattan Burger. Delicious. Always cooked to a medium rare, almost always seasoned perfectly. I rarely ever have to put ketchup on or season the burger myself, which is fantastic. The burger itself comes with AVOCADO AND BACON. Too excellent. Normally it's $7.60 for a Manhattan Burger Combo, which includes the burger itself, a side (I usually get fries), and a small drink. Pretty excellent combo and you get a lot of bang for your buck. I am sad, however, that they did not grill my bun and the bun sort of broke apart while eating it. I also wish they had different choices of fries; if I want fries, I'll usually get it across the street at IB's."
: "What is there NOT to like about Panda Express?"
: "It's very possible that I went on an off evening, when the regular chefs were away.  I had dinner there Thursday early evening July 31, 2008.  When I placed my order, I heard a lot of chatter in the kitchen; I suspect the cooks didn't have the ingredients or knowledge of how to cook the entree.  I ordered Calamari Kostimbir, calamiri cooked with carrot, spring onions, tomato with light coriander & lemon dressing.  Well, the calamari was on the plate. But no light dressing, only a thick, salty and spicy sauce.  No coriander, no lemon, no carrot, no onion, maybe a sliver of tomato.  I also ordered lemon rice, which was OK.  I've tasted worse and tasted much better.  Not much lemon flavor.  The Shahi nan I ordered, which is supposed to have cashews and raisins, was edible, but I sure couldn't taste any cashews or raisins, just sweetness.\n\nA lot of people give this place excellent reviews, so I really may have gone on a day when the regular staff were away.  I don't think I'll go there again, tho.  The server came by at least twice to ask if I liked the food, with a look of shock on her face, when I nodded my head each time."

: "This place is a blast. Drag show and fun atmosphere. What could be better? Not much."
: "UPDATE:\n\nThis place officially gets another star after I came here last night. First of all, it is one of the few places past 50th that are open on Mondays. I came here after attempting to go to the Caspian, Tempero de Brazil, and finally lugged my hungry body with 2 friends in here. The eggplant with basil immediately caught my eye and I ordered it ASAP. My boyfriend ordered hand-shaved noodles with lamb stir fry and my friend got another lamb dish.\n\nConsensus? DELISH. Not just because we were hungry. I'm a picky picky eggplant eater and this was HEAVEN. Perfectly seasoned, soft but not too gooey, fresh basil. My boyfriend's noodles were comparable in thickness to Bamboo Garden and the lamb was so thin and fine. Wow.\n\nWe can here at 9:00PM (they close at 9:30PM) and were still treated very nicely. \n\nProps!\n\n----\n\nQuite good, for being in the Udistrict. Being Chinese myself, and lucky enough to have the occasionally visiting grandparents from Shanghai, I consider myself an expert of Chinese food. I wandered in here with my boyfriend, also Chinese, originally skeptical of the food we would get; we just really wanted Chinese. We were pleasantly delighted with the food.\n\nFood: Very authentic. This may have something to do with the Chinese chefs. It's always funny when Chinese places hire those of other ethnicities (in the Udistrict, it's always Hispanics) and expect them to make Shanghai buns. Hm. We split a five-spice beef noodle soup, and it was tasty! The noodles weren't hand-made, but the beef was perfect and the soup was delightfully spicy and sour.\n\nService: Below average, but she was polite. This is a Chinese restaurant, not the W. \n\nPrice: Average. For the Udistrict, for food this good, I was willing to pay the extra $1 for the soup. \n\nCome here if you like real Chinese food. If you want your nasty sweet and sour chicken, opt for the crap lower on the ave."
: "Oh I'm so sad for Om's 3 star average from the ratings. I've been here a hundred times! Hyperbole aside, I've been here somewhere between 20-30 times, and I do really like it.\n\nLounge area and outdoor seating in the summer are both great. When the weather is nice, it's pretty awesome to sit at one of the cute tables outside after work with a drink and an appetizer. The indoor lounge/bar area are exciting enough as well.\n\nCocktails: Anyplace that has a drink called \"The sassy miss\" is going to be a hit with me. I think I just LOVE the name of that cocktail. I order it there all the time and it tastes good! Second on the list of favorites (especially this past summer) was the Shiva. Holy shite! it was mango puree, some type of vodka and it was sprinkled with cayenne pepper. That thing was crazy talk! Yelping about it now makes me want one, my Pakistani taste buds love a spicy mango combo!! \n\nFor the dining experience, as often as I have been here, I've only had dinner here twice. The first time was on a date around a year ago and we did the chef's tasting menu paired with wine. All I know is, I had a wildly good time. The food all tasted great and was interesting, the wine pairings were very good, and I remember we laughed a lot and had a very good humored waiter.\n\nThe most recent time I ate here, I had some sort of duck breast dish, which tasted lovely, AND I had a sassy miss cocktail and some wine, so again, great time. \n\nI really like this restaurant/bar/lounge, I wouldn't say it's \"Amazing\" but I would say it's pretty darn close... atleast it has been for me."
: "Dear SLO Quickly's, \nDon't think that just because you're in SLO, you can slack off and be sub-par! Please stop taking advantage of all the Asians & other boba fans who are used to having readily available boba in NorCal/SoCal. Your fruit drinks are made with yucky artificial syrups, your teas are alright, your milk teas are passable milk teas. I know standards are close to nothing here for this kind of food, but if you just upgraded everything you might get more business. I'll come back when you have real fruit juices/freezes, consistent pearls (it's not that hard!), and Asian street food that all other Quickly chains usually feature (popcorn chicken, fried squid, etc). I wouldn't doubt that you just might be the worst franchise of Quickly's in California. Sorry! \n\nTil then, ciaooo...."

: "I tried something new today, la la la la la laaaaaaaah!\n\nYes, oh yes, today i ventured into new food territory and ate like the Turks and dammit, it was awesome. I have a fear of many Greek, Turkish, Middle Eastern, etc cuisines because the cinnamon to stephy death ratio due to allergies is a little too high for my comfort zone, but after being assured that they don't put cinnamon in anything they serve, I was ready to roll on into the new frontier.\n\nWe started with the hummus and it was really yummy. I loved the pita bread it came with, although, hello, two girls, half a piece of bread?! What do i look like, someone from LA?! Oh wait....\n\nI then tried the Karisik Pide which is made up of a thick dough crust stuffed with combination of cheese, eggs and meats. Mmm mmmm, like a pizza, but not. Really tasty and for $8.99 for a meal that is practically spilling off your plate, I say hell yes!\n\nI also got to see my first Houston rain explosion. We went from a nice overcast day, to our outside lighting getting darker and darker and darker to literally pouring down like a madhouse. Cats, dogs, babies, the whole nine (not really, I mean, c'mon, babies don't rain from the sky) but yeah, it was intense and then 8 minutes later, nothing. Soo cool :)"
: "One of the myriad of places at UCLA to go to gain that freshman 15, sophomore 20, junior 25, and senior 50. Although as of late they have reduced the amount of oil they used in the chips, which in turn has reduced the taste and appeal of the nachos."
: "the best salads ever! never disappoint! and they have an excellent happy hour!"
: "Dark.....Musty.....Grimy......all could be used to describe Al's Music, Video & Games....but the fact is, Al's has a ton of hard to come by stuff (especially older video games, which they display in a special case near the entrance) and you're likely to find something that catches your eye. \n\nThis was one of my favorite places to scavenge through when I lived nearby - they have a ton of used DVD's (including a lot of box sets), records, CD's, video games....even porn (hopefully not used)...you name it. Sure, most of it was probably stolen and then sold to them for crack money by some bum, but who cares how it got there.\n\nThe prices are pretty good for the most part, but some of the more hard to find movies and games can get expensive (they know what's rare and mark it as so). You can also trade in stuff for store credit or straight cash, but I don't recommend it unless you're really hard up for money because you will get burned.\n\nI recommend the 3 for $10 DVD section if you're trying to build a collection - a lot of the movies are crap but you'll find some good ones from time to time. If you're into old records and CD's you'll spend quite a bit of time going through their collection. Gamers will enjoy the selection of NES and SNES games - even a nice selection of Game Boy games and devices, from old to new. They also have a lot of music accessories and equipment, including speakers, amps, etc....pretty much anything that you could think of that would be stolen from a house or apartment."
: "I'd had just a so-so experience at the Beauty First in College Station with a bad perm (yes, I got a perm--I'm Asian, deal with it), so I was a little more than hesitant to go there.  I tend to keep my hair short, but I get bored really easily, so hair change is about the cheapest and most practical way to have fun now that I'm all grown up.  Since it was already short, I was curious to see what they'd do.  My appointment started late, but they were nice about it and kept offering food and drinks to make up for it.  No biggie.  I meet my lady, she's nice and professional and gets started after I tell her to do whatever she wants.  I ended up with a great, funky little hair style that looked adorable when she fixed it.  Of course, two seconds later it all fell flat.  I tried explaining to hear that Asian hair is different (you'd think in Rice Village they'd get Asian clients, no?), but she seemed to think I was exaggerating.  She tried every product in her arsenal to get my hair to stay the way she styled it, but failed each time.  I think it was a battle of pride at that point for her.  \n\nFinally she gave in and doused my hair in half a can of hairspray and I went on my merry way.  Course with short hair, you need a trim every few weeks to a month, and since the cut was about $60, I wasn't keen on going back that often.  \n\nIf you have the cash to spend a lot on haircuts (or if you don't go very often), this is a convenient place to get a decent haircut.  I, however, being the cheapskate that I am, cut my own hair and deal with the consequences of that."
: "I went for the Nicholas Payton Quintet concert this year. The concert is being held on the Stanford Campus in Dinkelspiel Auditorium, right opposite the student union.  \n\nThe auditorium feels a little to \"cold\" a location for a jazz concert. The acoustic is fine, but the surround looks like a lecture hall. However, for a chance to see some famous performers in the south bay/peninsular area, it is worth it.\n\nBy the way, on Saturday night, the only store open in the student union was Jamba Juice. I had wanted to get a quick bite before the concert, but had to wait until after the concert  to get dinner:)"
: "Very busy, but I find that to be a good sign regarding food. Couple of notes to start, cash only and there are no bathrooms so make sure you've taken care of business prior to be inning your meal. \nThe line wraps around outside the door but goes relatively quickly, and they take your order while standing in line. The inside is quite small, so don't fear when you're sitting with people you don't know. The service isn't quite fast, but there are plenty of ironic wall hangings to look at and read to pass the time.  Food is really great, know for their burgers (creatively named FYI)."
: "This song is dedicated to: David G, Sheena S, Pam L, Max S, Douglas O, Kit F, Melissa L, Katie W, Joel D\n\nTo Boyce Avenue version of Omarion's \"Ice Box\"\n*** Sing Along - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-h0FwTKgviU\n\n\"Grits Bar\"\n\nTweetin and Yelpin, we back it again.\nLets go out, to Dogwood; for good food with great friends.\nHave the hungries, stomach growling.\nThis Restaurant serves the food I used to know.\n\nBoy, I really wanna try this out, lets do prix fixin\nStart with the tomato bisque and I'll take the cheesecake too!\nI said I really wanna try this out, want the fried chickin\nIt's no excuse, no excuse\n\nI got this grits bar where my heart use to be\nI got this grits bar where my heart use to be\nIt's so good, it's so good, it's so good, \nit's so good, it's so good, it's so good"
: "Early on a Sunday morning, one cook and a young waitress are attending to 3 elderly men at 3 separate tables. The virtual jukebox is playing some pedal steel driven, scratchy old country music from the 50s. Enter us..... \n\nWe found the atmosphere quiet and pleasant and the art on the walls eclectic. The music just fit. The whole grain pancakes passes my wife's test which is quite rigorous. The OJ was fresh and sweet. And the coffee was good. I ordered their Eggs Montreal, some interesting take on Benedict with Swiss cheese and bacon. It was actually the fanciest thing on the menu (this place is pretty basic). It was tasty, though the Swiss and the hollandaise clashed a bit. Actually, the Swiss kicked the hollandaise's butt, but that's OK. Hash browns were crispy and tasty. I appreciated the fine shred. \n\nTime passes, and the old guys shuffle out. Some big boys in burnt orange show up as does another family with kids. The music changes. Ouch! It's some form of techno. Wow, not even a transition period. But how about that??? Client-adaptive music selection! Gotta love it. Remind me to wake up 30 minutes earlier next time.... \n\nAnother experience: Lunch. I ordered a jalapeno cheeseburger with fries and it was as solid as any other burger joint in town, and possibly the best within a walking radius I've found. Worth remembering. \n\nRRC is a comfortable place. Greasy spoon meets art colony. Something that every neighborhood should have one of."
: "It has the best selection of films in Boston, but It's more expensive then Coolidge and way out of the way."
: "I've gotten my hair cut here several times. Up until this last time I would've given them 3 stars.\n\nThe quality varies a lot depending on who you get, although the guy at the front is definitely not very friendly if you're not a middle-aged crony. This last time, the person cutting my hair (not him) left half of it an entirely different length than the other half, even after I asked if it was even. I had my glasses off so it was pretty hard to notice. I'm a guy with relatively short hair, so this was definitely noticeable after I left and started playing around with it. Its the first time I got a haircut corrected, but its the last time I'm going to this roulette wheel.\n\nIf you know who you're getting, it's probably a great place to go. Otherwise, not worth the risk."
: "fancy place! came here for my friend's rehearsal dinner. service was great. food was great. it was the perfect atmosphere for a pre-celebration. we were given a pre-fixed menu with lots of nice options to choose from. i had the house salad and salmon entree. the salad was good, perhaps too much greens vs the other ingredients in the salad. the salmon was cooked perfectly and a good portion size. \n\nfor dessert, the bride and groom had brought in their own cakes to serve so i can't comment on the desserts. \n\nit would be a good place for a date or to celebrate a special occasion. be ready to throw down some cash though. =P"
: "Fresh, fresh, fresh. If you are someone who cares about the freshness and quality of ingredients in your food, you need to check this place out. I was wowed by the freshness. I had a pupusa con queso y loroco (a Salvadorean herb), a cheese pupusa, and yuca con chicharron. Wow! All were delicious. The loroco was bright green with a crisp, perfectly ripe flavor. The pupusas were piping hot, flavorful, and satisfying. The cabbage was perfectly seasoned and PLENTIFUL, oh my goodness. They give you a huge bowl of it, plus a huge bowl of tomato sauce (which is pretty plain, but isn't that the case any pupuseria you visit?). The service is friendly and leisurely, so if you're in a rush, I recommend takeout. The prices of course are dirt cheap. The place itself is spacious, bright, and clean. Highly recommended. You will not be disappointed."
: "Why do I give megabus 1 star?  The buses are nice; double decker, clean, apparently new...\n\nHowever I waited 25 minutes for a late bus at 2:40 in the morning.  Standing on the street wondering if your ride is coming in a city you are unfamiliar with is not a good feeling.  Especially since the bus stop is off the main street (Market).  \n\nThen when the bus finally came (with a sigh of relief), he didn't even go to the bus stop... he stopped on 30th St. and honked his horn to flag us down.  He made me walk to him to get on the bus.  What the flying F.  Then when I got on the bus, it was full of people (though not completely full) and I had to scramble around the dark to find a seat.  You can at least turn on the lights for me.  Damnit.\n\nI'm taking bolt bus from now on.  Megabus was my only choice so late at night, which is why I took it.\n\nWhen 20 minutes passed by waiting, I called the megabus phone number, but of course they were closed since it was the middle of the night."
: "When I went into this store I was a bit worried - it seemed so small.  And most of the bras didn't look particularly practical. How would it live up to its lofty claim of AA-K bra sizes?\n\nThe lady there was nice and handed me some things I wasn't super impressed with. They only had one non underwire bra. However when I said that I wasn't happy with the other underwire one, she brought back too more. The fabric on one was weird and poochy on the cup (slightly too big) but I fell in love with the other one. I bought that and the non underwire one, and actually wore that one out of the store. Expensive, but worth it?\n\nMy back immediately felt better after wearing it out of the store. I was scared because it was itchy a tiny bit when I first put it on but that went away soon, probably even better after I wash it.\n\nAnyway my followup that made me write this review is that I looked up these bras online.  The one I really liked is some crazy french bra that you can only get in NY or  Europe!! And the other one is made by some Columbian moms who moved to the US. That is so cool. Nordstroms etc may have a good variety of different bras but they certainly won't have these.\n\nOne start off for focusing more on lacy things, and the high price.."
: "After moving from L.A. where there's good sushi on every corner, I was a bit apprehensive about finding a good sushi place in the middle of Illinois. However, after reading the reviews here on yelp and going to try for myself, Sushi Kame gets a big thumbs up from me. An earlier reviewer complained about the service, but I've never had anything but attentive waitresses. Prices are more than reasonable compared to all the other sushi joints in town, and the sushi is excellent. The roll selection could stand to be a little more varied, but whatever. Overall, this place is awesome. Love it."
: "If you ever get tired of downloading mp3's or buying songs from iTunes you must check out Amoeba.  Huge selection of music and some hard to find stuff too.  Amoeba ROCKS!!!!"
: "I'm so glad I went here for lunch!  The food was delicious!  I love their chick shawarma hummus!  Their hummus is so tasty.  The bread is delicious.  The atmosphere was great.  The decor was very minimal so if you want a romantic date I wouldn't recommend it.  But to just have a good time hanging out with friends and enjoy good delicious food, I would totally recommend it. \n\nI would definitely come back because they have a large selection that I would love to try all of them!  Even their desserts are good.  So you couldn't go wrong by coming here for a satisfying meal :).  The price is not super low but reasonable for good food.  If no drink or dessert is concerned, it can be well under 10 but if you order something extra, it can be over 10 easily. :)  Hope it helps!"
: "My older brother graduated from here. Since I was born and raised in L.A. I've visited this campus multiple times.\n\nThis campus is gorgeous. I don't like the snobby ass nerds/nerdy feel to kids here, but that's just how it goes.\n\nIt's nice to know that on a National/World scale, this school is in the front-lines and makes Los Angeles another reason to be an awesome city."
: "Nice little bar in Albany.  Have a nice selection of good beer at least 40 or so.  There pizza is very good so don't hesitate to order it.  Great service as well.  Bar is small but clean and neat.  Looking forward to returning!"
: "DO NOT GO HERE!! My nails were dirtier when I left than when I arrived. The lady I had was in her 60's and spoke no English, so she couldn't understand me when I asked her to stop drawing flower decals on my nails as if I was 5 and this was my first manicure. The place is stocked with lotion but they don't even use it on their clients for pedicures, but instead slap it on your hands before a manicure and point to a sink as if to telepathically tell you to wash it off. It's not soap. My nails were forcefully cut into an oval shape. Yes, oval and, yes, cut. My cuticles were left untouched and in fact were painted over with my chosen nail polish. When I went to pay, the lady was eating her lunch and burped out loud as I handed her my card, and I almost threw up from the smell. After all of this, I was told they were giving me the \"children's discount\" of $40. I am 23 years old. This is the nail salon from hell."
: "Well it has finally happened. The change that has turned me off to Crave Cupcakes.   They are charging you for boxes if you want more than two individual ccs. I don't know if this was always in place, but it was just brought to my attention today.  I also think the price recently went up 25 cents. 3.50 for a cc should cover the cost of the box.  I go and get ccs for the office and my coworkers want eat their cc at their leisure or take them to their kids and that requires them to have their own box. So now the price is 4 bucks per cc, if you buy more than two at a time that is.\n\nI go several times a month and I tell everyone I know about the tasty treats but, I don't like to be nickeled and dimed. I'm out."
: "Dianne is a classic. Just can't go wrong."
: "Just had lunch, saw the yelp e-mail in my inbox, read it, saw GUSHI, and it started . . . MY MOUTH STARTED WATERING!!! \n\nI ABSOLUTELY LOVEEEEE GUSHIII!!!!  I crave it all the time, but to battle the 10W traffic for 2hrs, than the Wilshire/Westwood traffic, than the westwood \"limited\" street parking, isn't really worth it... \n\nHOWEVER; anytime I'm in Westwood that is my GO 2 spot.  \n\nThe portions are pretty big, enough for 2 meals or split between 2. \n\nMy usual: Teryaki Beef/Chicken combo.  The steak is perfectly grilled, with a nice char. \n\nThe teryaki sauce is a MUST HAVE, whenever I order it to go, I pour the sauce on the rice, than ask for extra to go =D  YUM YUM YUM YUMM\n\nGIMME SOME GUSHI!!!  I'M SOOO FULL BUT I WANT MY GUSHI!!!"
: "It was a typical day after class in Downtown San Luis Obispo. I was just walking out of Urban Outfitters, and i saw a colorful rack of shirts that said $5! Being a broke college student, i walked across the street to see if this rack was a mirage. But, it was indeed still there. I ended up buying 6 shirts for $30. Where else in the world does that happen? They aren't crappy either. I really like the stretchy cotton material. And they come in every color of the rainbow. Perfect for going to class or just chilling around campus. They also have nice dressy clothes, but they are kind of expensive. So really, the only reason i go there is to restock on my favorite t shirts. They also have the long sleeve version and those are pretty comfy too. Yay for cheap clothes in SLO"
: "I have been to a few Peruvian restaurants and I thought I knew what Peruvian food was. Mo-Chica blew my mind as to what it can be when it is at its peak.  You do have to take a mental double-take as it is located in a Latino food court. Just to show how out of place Mo-Chica is, the eatery with the longest line was a quickie Thai place - WTF!  I think that it was the lunch crowd and most of the dishes at Mo-Chica were out of many lunch budgets.  Not to say that the prices here are not incredibly value priced already.  It is just competing with places that give you a ton of food on your plate for 5 bucks.\n\nThe minute the food entered my mouth, I quickly forgot that I was in a food court, and felt more like being in a fine dining establishment. Awesome quality.  The ceviche mixto is one of the best that I have ever had.  Wonderfully fresh and tender chunks of fish in a tangy citrusy sauce - tart, but not so much that it loses the hints of citrus. Small pieces of seaweed add some briny notes that hints of essence de la mer. I can imagine myself bathing in a tub of the ceviche and licking myself clean like my dog does.  Disgusting, I know, but nevertheless, extremely tasty.\n\nSeco de cordero was fall of the bone goodness and if I had experienced such tender and supple meat when I was in high school I would have changed my career path, given up on girls, and joined the priesthood. Oxtails were equally delicious and flavorful. I never enjoyed licking tail so much.  I even found myself slurping up the quinoa risotto like there was no tomorrow.  Causa del dia is a cold potato appetizer that only in my dreams what leftover mashed potatoes would taste like. Papa a la huancaina is another roasted potato appetizer that is covered in a marvelous sauce that is mild, yet creamy, and slightly salty - not too overpowering like other Peruvian places. The purple corn drink chicha morada proved to be a lightly sweet drink that helped to wash everything down.  Yes, I have to admit to the fact that I ate everything aforementioned. With food this good, who needs sex? I doubt that with all of the blood channeled to my digestive system that I would be able to perform any other physical functions anyways."
: "The Carillon has provided one of the all too rare dining experiences I've had.  The service, wine list, appetizer (scallops), entr\u00e9e (lamb), and dessert (bread pudding) were all close to perfect; except the risotto (get rid of the peas)."
: "So you find yourself back in ye olde college days and are getting together with some of fraternity brothers - where to go? Well, since we used to party at the Border Cafe, why not try it again? It was cheap and average then and nothing has changed (except cheap is a relative term, it's working man cheap now as opposed to college cheap)...\n\nA couple of margaritas and several chips n salsas later, my burger came (burger at a Mexican place, you're thinking) and it wasn't half bad. Lively environment though, perfect for a rowdy group of men, or girls or both. Didn't take that long to seat our table of eight. Good for parties or get togethers."
: "We fly here from san francisco because the hot chocolate is so delicious. They now have single source dark chocolates with tasting notes. It's even better than we remember!"
: "i haven't used any of their services but they are now an Aveda salon. So .. they use only Aveda products which probably  makes them more expensive but .. i recently had to switch my makeup (aghhh sniff sniff) and decided to bite the bullet and get natural products. All i can say is they had better work because they are freakin expensive. The salon has nice ammenities so maybe one day I'll check out a facial or massage.  Again (just like my whole foods review) parking sux. Same complex ..."
: "i love the fact that they have both sweet and savory crepes here. yum, decent priced for the amount of food they put in their crepes. there was a line when i went but didnt have to wait long for the crepes to be done. yum!"
: "This place affords a very bizarre shoe-shopping experience.  When I came in, I was immediately greeted by what seemed like 10 people working here.  I'm also unsure why they have so many people on staff, maybe they are 100% commission or something.  Who knows.\n\nAt any rate, if you are looking to pay full price for shoes, the service really can't be beat."
: "Thanks guys for catering Dan's thesis event.  They did a great job and the selection was excellent.  Everyone loved the sandwiches, the price point was good, and fresh. No complaints here, I will use them in the future if I need to cater an event."
: "The stole my money (half roll of quarters) and didn't wash my wheels fully (even though I paid for the most expensive Platinum package that includes wheel cleaning) and overall poor job.  Very dissappointed.  Will never go back."
: "Dear Diddy Riese, \n\nIt is highly possible that I am in love with you. It is has been an on going love affair that has brought me from miles away ( Long Beach) just to sand in line amongst my fellow lovers of cookies and ice cream. I can't believe that for under two bucks all my ice cream sandwich wishes can come true! LOL Diddy Riese is Westwood must do, you should not be allowed to graduate UCLA if you have never been here. It prepares you for the world and all the choices you will have to make. Why not start with the easy ones:  \"What ice cream do I want between my cookies today?\" Once you can answer that... world peace is just around the corner. Diddy Riese I love ya! BTW we need one in Long Beach!"
: "holy schmokes, this is some good fried dough, right here!  here are my favorites\n\nthe A-town cream filled with custard and topped with a dark chocolate glaze is quite tasty\n\nthe Orange Dream Star - like a dreamsicle donut\n\nis there anything better than Nutella...smothered on a donut?!?\n\nthe apple fritter is one of the best i've had with it's dense, apple-cinnamon packed interior, slightly crispy fried glazed and caramel covered exterior...so wicked\n\nThe Butter Toffee with Caramel Cocolate Icing is phenomenal.  i didn't expect to like it because of the toffee bits texture conflict, but it was off the charts good\n\nthe Frosted Croissant is a flaky, crunchy croissant slathered in glaze and is totally decadent\n\nBut for me, the clear winner is the Reese's Peanut Butter Cup - yeast donut with a chocolate glaze covered with peanut butter cup chunks and then some creamy sweet peanutty goodness in the center\n\nI DIE!"
: "As others have said, this is really a hole in the wall, but that's where you generally find the best Mexican.  There was only room for a couple of tables, but there was space to sit mid-afternoon for a late lunch.  If you eat in, they bring you chips and three different salsas - the greenest seemed to be a watery avocado, cilantro salsa, which had a surprising spiciness to it.  Delicious.  I had the tacos dorados, which were apparently forgotten at first, so my food came a fair bit later than my friends, but it was worth the wait.  Tasty beef and fried tortillas.  Nom.  My friend ordered a burrito, which was easily two meals worth of food.\n\nSadly, the guacamole is not worth coming here for - rather bland, which seemed odd, considering the tastiness of everything else, particularly the salsa.  Good cheap lunch, and I'd definitely come again."
: "It's not the best burgers but it's all about the history.. the burgers are tiny.  The place is super crowded, and the burgers again are damn small.  I guess it's about the history and the whole structure of the building is large, and the seating has a great view.  It's not In-N Out for sure! But if you are to come to ATL or live here, and you have not been here.. you need to come! It's a downtown tourist area for sure!"
: "One [hyphenated] word: heart-clogging. \n\nAnd hey, if you're into that, this is the place to go. Its definitely great comfort food. Full of everything you could think of putting in a sandwich. And open late (they know their business lies within the crowds of drunk-starving students coming out of pubs and libraries late at night). \n\nI tried their Fat Jerry, which was awesome with its fried egg on top of cheesesteak, chicken finger strips, mozzarella sticks, bacon and fries. Did I not mention that this place is straight-up a direct route to some cardiac bypass surgery? But it is all agreed, the best things in life are almost always sinful. ;P"
: "Good, solid pizza and beer college joint.  The pizza is delicious with good crust and creative toppings.  The beer is plentiful and always on special.  The salads are surprisingly good for beer and pizza joint.  The sweet potato fries are delicious.  I highly recommend the strizzata, particularly when just munching with friends instead of really eating.\nThe back patio is great, particularly when the weather is just right in early May and late September.  Minus a star for the cramped and smoky atmosphere inside and minus a star for the college kid service, which can be hit or miss.  It's a great place for a Friday afternoon before a baseball game."
: "Sure the ambiance is nice, but I really came here expecting a good cup of coffee. I ordered a double cappuccino for a bit over 3 bucks, pulled up a seat in the back patio and began sipping. The experience went all downhill from there. The espresso was totally over-roasted. While drinking, i found coffee grounds in my mouth towards the end of the drink. Disgusting. \n\nI am utterly disappointed in this place, especially after so many people recommending Linnaea's to me. There are far better options in SLO. I much prefer Uptown Espresso."
: "The pharmacy employees are quite unreliable. They will tell you to to come back at a certain time and your prescription will most likely not be ready and they will not call you to forewarn. I sat and waited for a prescription for 30 minutes today, and it was sitting there ready, they just didn't notice. It was a very big waste of time!"
: "I really loved my experience here... \n\nThe atmosphere was relaxing, inviting and clean. The inside is super cute! I didn't expect a chain nail place this this to treat it's with so much attention and care. \n\nThey had great nail polish selections, the better brands! I got the pedi that was on a special price and a manicure, which was done at the same time. Both nail technicians were really great and my polish turned out wonderful. They did not rush the job, and I really felt like they were paying attention to my feet and hands! \n\nThe best thing is that my polished lasted a really long time. Even through cooking and washing a bunch of dishes before Thanksgiving. \n\nI would definitely go back!"
: "From the moment we stepped into this place we felt like we had made the right decision. The staff is super friendly and really knowledgeable in all types of jewelery, including their specialty antique. My fiance and I walked in looking for wedding rings and instantly was shown amazing pieces that would go with her antique engagement ring.\n\nWe had multiple issues with her engagement ring from a previous jeweler so we were very skeptical at this point about any jeweler. We were sat in the back area with a very nice and knowledgeable woman. I really liked how they took the time to sit with us and go over everything on a one on one basis. She helped us with many different choices until we found one that was perfect. She also explained that they could size the engagement ring and have the owner Marcus look at it. We were a bit reserved about that because of the nightmare from the last jeweler. We did have an initial consultation with her which was great and then met with Marcus.\n\nHe was very though row and of course knowledgeable in every aspect. We picked out the wedding rings and work had to be done on her band to make the ring from an eternity band to 3/4 of one. He then looked at my fiances engagement ring and we explained the troubles we had been having. It took Marcus less than 5minutes of explaining to us of what work had been done wrong and what he could do to make it right. I saw how much more confident my finance was in this assessment than at any other time with the ring. We still waited for the work to get done on the wedding bands before we left the engagement ring. We picked up the bands and were instantly excited and happy on the job that he did.\n\nExactly what we had wanted and complete professionalism the whole time. We were then confident to leave the ring and Marcus knew how nervous we were so he again re-assured us of everything. In no time at all the ring was ready and we went to pick it up...still a bit nervous. He did an amazing job and it turned out to be everything we had hoped for.\n\nThe prices are amazing and they never try to up-sell you on anything. Now a days it is really hard to find such a place that is both honest and fair..this is the place! I would HIGHLY recommend Morgan and Company for ANY jewelery needs..whether it be antique or custom. They have a great selection in house and always more to show from their back area. This will be the 1st place that we visit anytime we are looking for jewelry. Thanks for an amazing experience!"
: "This place has some fancy Italian name but really is not special at all. they sell the same lousy-looking uninspired pastries as every other place on this block (and there are many.) danish. croissant, bagel. muffin. whoo hoo. Not.\n\nI'm not even Italian, but this does not seem like anything close to an Italian bakery to me. And where's the bread?? Horribly pretentious name with very ordinary foods. What's more, the bagels are bad. And they sell Asian drinks which don't even compliment the pastries."
: "Am I the only one that thinks having a combo Korean-Japanese restaurant is weird?  I gues it's a New England thang because I've never seen that anywhere else before!\n\nOkay, so I was in the neighborhood and decided to give it a try.  I was solo, so I only could try one dish, so I ordered the soon doobu jeega.  Soft tofu stew, nice and spicy!  I gotta admit, it was pretty good!  The stew was all bubbly and the tofu still in big chunks and tasty!  The only disappoinment was ban chan, the little dishes they give you for \"free\" with your meal, I only got like 5 and they weren't great.\n\nI can't speak to the Japanese/sushi here since I didn't try any but honestly I do not think i would go to a restaurant run by Koreans and eat sushi!\n\nI think it was decent enough Korean food, but again, I only was able to try one dish and that one was good!"
: "Much better on my second visit. Though Sprinkles could still dial down on the sugar in their frosting, my cupcakes were incredibly moist and delicious."
: "Food is expensive and so so. Only sushi is worth the money. Other dishes, like ramen, teriyaki and anything else, are completely disappointing. It's kind of crowded and noisy with those small tables. I live a block away from it and only go for their sushi lunch special. Now they changed the lunch special to an $8 one which is again disappointing."
: "Great food, service and atmosphere! Yeah the portions went down a little, but still the same great food. I usually get the pastrami and corned beef sandwich... a #4 i think. No more rock shrimp quesadillas.... too bad, they were almost an entree.  The best thing on the menu, hands down is the fantasy tort desert. It has layered cheesecake, chocolate cake, mouse and covered by a thin chocolate gnosh. gotta try it! If you go in the evening, the wait staff still sing as you eat!!"
: "I purchased the Living Social deal a few months ago, like someone else said, a total no brainer!  I am so happy I did.  The people that work at the salon seem very friendly, they always ask if you need a drink or if you're doing ok.  I've been there twice and have never waited more than a few minutes for anything.  Having the garage in the back is great because as we all know, parking in Shadyside can be difficult.  The packet of coupons they hand out after your first visit is amazing!  A second and third haircut for $10?  Sign me up!  My only disappointment of my experience at Dean so far is that my stylist is leaving the salon.  I really liked her and was disappointed, but am also looking forward to meeting a new one.  I would recommend the salon to anyone!"
: "I love, love, love this place. It's my favorite sushi restaurant. One word: Omakase. You won't regret it!"
: "The atmosphere was great, but the food was disappointing. All of the salads ordered by my party were vastly overdressed. Those of us who ordered salmon found the fish to be extremely overcooked. The broccoli we ordered on the side was fine, but was a basic steamed and buttered broccoli that even an amateur cook such as myself could prepare at home. These types of experiences would be fine at a Ruby Tuesday, but not at a higher-end restaurant in a great city for food."
: "i like short-shorts and i cannot lie.  \n\nnothing much more to say.  location is good.  prices are what they are.  salespeople polite enough.\n\nthe touch, the feel of cotton (in every color of the rainbow), the fabric of our lives."
: "One of the most memorable meals of my life. Four of us did a meal of splitting  all of the First Courses substituting the Jars appetizer for the gazpacho.  It was amazing (even though we pissed off the kitchen).  \n\nGreat service  Our waiter (Morton?), was very accommodating and recommended a (relatively) inexpensive Pinot Noir (Au Bon Climat) when we left the wine choice in his hands. \n\nJars- A+ best part of the meal. The pimento cheeses bacon spread was awesome. The trout spread was good, as was the"
: "My dear friend was just married at the Exposition Park Rose Garden this last weekend. With the exception of a couple awesome, on-site staff members, the entire fiasco was an archetype of what you DO NOT WANT for your wedding.\n\nThe multiple (but clearly disconnected) coordinators for the location assured her, as they took her money, that there were no events scheduled for that weekend. They screwed her on liquor permits, parking, and access to the Reception Hall (Ahmanson Senior Center). All the guests and wedding party were jerked around by the security personnel because there was the largest rave EVER at the LA Coliseum that same weekend (not to mention a naturalization ceremony). They threatened to tow her wedding coordinator, they locked the gates minutes after the ceremony, forcing everyone to wade through a sea of half-naked, sparkly, ecstasy-rolling teenagers, AND they wouldn't let any cars in to drop off or pick up the accessibility-challenged guests. We're talking about old people with canes and post-op foot surgery.\n\nThe Event staff for the Rose Garden are cold-hearted bunch of disorganized jack-asses. I don't care how nice the roses smelled. The booming bass and multiple counts of disrespect are enough to make even a non-Bridezilla go on a rampage.\n\nFrom the bridesmaid who did everything to smooth it over, I can tell you from my heart this place does not deserve your money or support. \n\nNEVER GET MARRIED HERE."
: "At my office we were all excited about the coming of a quality restaurant to the neighborhood. A couple of us went the other day to try it out, and it did not dissapoint, in terms of the food anyways.\n\nI got the matzoh ball soup, which was DELICIOUS. I appreciate that they do not serve any standard sodas, and only serve \"Grown Up Soda\" brand. The brunch fare looked to die for, and I can't wait to return to try it.\n\nA couple of complaints. One, the place is NOT wheelchair accessible. This is a real problem for a restaurant that fully renovated their space, and just opened. It is on the ground level, so it isn't that there are stairs blocking the entrance. It is probably \"technically\" accessible. However, it is the orientation of the restaurant that has crammed in so many tables as well as a lack of understanding of true accessibility which results in these problems. A person in a wheelchair could not truly navigate the space to get to and sit at a table, much less get to the bathroom.\n\nTwo, the cramped nature of the restaurant loses a bit of the niceness of the place. The food is not cheap, but it is really good, so that negates the price a bit. The atmosphere is a bit too cafeteria-y (if you are seated at the \"community\" table) for the price. I suppose if you are more than a twosome, or a twosome trying to have an \"intimate\" meal say NO to the community table. It is cramped, noisy, and you are all up in your neighbors' food and conversation.  It seems difficult for the servers to get the food to people because the table is so huge. I know this is NY, and you are trying to create a community feel, but it is a lot to ask for the expense of the food.\n\nThis place has just opened, so hopefully some of the kinks will be worked out in the months to come, and I may be compelled to revise this."
: "Every time I've been to Ri Ra I've wondered why I didn't learn the last time.  It gets so crowded that you can't enjoy your beer, you can't enjoy the bands, and I wasn't impressed with the food."
: "I'm really hesitant to give this what I think it should be (2 stars max), so I'll set it at 3.\nThe fact of the matter is, for the quality of the food you're getting (which is mediocre Sichuan cuisine), you are paying exorbitant prices ($15+/dish? really?). Granted, it's Pittsburgh, so it's hard to compare the food to places where the Asian density is higher, but still...\n\n1) Chongqing la zi ji. Not horrible, but lacking the spice omph that it typically has. This version is breaded; the Chengdu one is not.\n2) Beef bao. Not good at all, avoid this - it's tasteless and a very simple, uninspired stew.\n3) Beef tendon, cold. Actually really nicely prepared, I'd recommend this one - nice balance of ingredients + peppercorn + chili.\n4) Water-boiled fish. This dish is a disgrace to the real dish - its not served properly, almost no peppercorns are used, and it seems to be using some pre-made spice ingredient + way too much starch.\n5) Pork shoulder. Not sure what the exact name of it was called, but it was actually pretty good - though I say that as it wasn't really a restaurant style dish but more homemade.\n\nService is nothing to yell about, and 5% cash payment discount. Sorry Pittsburgh, I hope you find better! (The N. Hills location used to be, but I haven't been in forever!)"
: "I have been enjoying Falafel King for about 25 years and this is the third Westwood location that I know of.  This is without a doubt my favorite middle eastern restaurant on earth. \n\nThey make excellent crispy fresh falafel, typically just as you order it.  The truly stand out items that they have are the cold \"salads\" which include several varieties of eggplant.  Their pitas are garnished with a delicous salad mix that include carrots and cabbage and fried potatos for an excellent taste and crunch.  Most importantly, unlike many competitors, their salads do not all taste like lemon juice.\n\nWhile this is not a fancy place, the food is better than any similar place I have eaten at any price, highest possible recommendation."
: "I've tried the buffet and on another visit tried ordering off the menu since sometimes the buffet isn't the best way to judge a place. \n\nI don't like the food here. For me, a good Indian restaurant has to have good Chicken Makhani and there Chicken Makhani is not so good. I also was not very impressed by the naan or any of the other buffet items I tried (a little greasy and a little bland). \n\nI'm not going back."
: "You could shoplift the entire store and the staff would never know it. When I was in college, cutting class and eating diddy riese cookies with friends, that was always the impression I had whenever I'd walk by this place....not that I ever thought about shoplifting...just that I totally know I would have gotten away with it had I wanted to.\n\nI'm surprised this store still exists.  I don't get it.  It's a waste disposal for idiotic gag gifts, ugly t-shirts tourists wouldn't even buy, penis and boobie pasta and, judging from the last time I went there in June, about 100 Brazilian soccer shirts.\n\nWhat a waste of a good location!"
: "Fun for the novelty, but that is about it. \n\nYour food ends up getting overcooked because they are cooking so many orders at once. They can not give your dish the attention it deserves. \n\nI did not like that I had to stand there waiting for my food to cook. I had a beer waiting for me at my table calling my name, but I was standing there waiting for my food to cook. Hmm if I were smart I would have grabbed the beer while i waited.\n\nYou do not end up eating with the people you go with because you go up and get your food and someone else takes longer than you so your food finishes and you sit to eat while they are waiting for theirs to cook\n\nSave your money and go somewhere else."
: "Really 4.5 stars !\nWe were in Ann Arbor for my son's graduation from the University of Michigan, so this was the perfect time to dine at Zingerman's. We had heard raves about this restaurant for years. In addition, a friend of my wife has written a best selling book about small businesses, including a chapter about Zingerman's and how wonderfully it is run from a business standpoint. As it happens, my son took a summer school course in Boston in which his professor included this book in his business analysis. Finally, as a life-long New Yorker with a profound love of Jewish deli food, I was anxious to enjoy this experience and eat some great food.\n\nThe bottom line is that Zingerman's is in fact terrific, their food and service are great, and no one visiting Ann Arbor should pass up an opportunity to eat here. That having been said, the rest of this review will discuss some of the finer points of the Zingerman's experience from the point of view of a picky New Yorker with lots of opinions from a lifetime of eating and loving the foods in which Zingerman's specializes.\n\nFirst, two easy points about the operation. Parking can be difficult near the restaurant. My son was aware of this problem, particularly at a very busy time such as graduation, so we parked several blocks away and walked. This is an example about turning lemons into lemonade, because the walk there will increase your appetite, while the trip back will help you begin to lose your added weight from the meal. You can expect to encounter a long line, which moves reasonably well but will still take a while until you reach the inside. The restaurant itself is rather small and located away from the main streets of Ann Arbor. Considering their outsize reputation, I really expected a much bigger place. The eating area is correspondingly small, and the tables can fill up fast. Luckily, a good number of people choose take-out. Once self-seated, however, there is a relaxed, unhurried atmosphere. Zingerman's is in the process of expanding into bigger quarters, which was in process during our visit. Build a better mousetrap and they will come.....\n\nThe second point about the operation are the employees. They are uniformly young, energetic, enthusiastic, and anxious to make your experience memorable and fun. Zingerman's has a reputation, reflected in the business school reviews, for treating its employees well, with decent wages and benefits. This definitely shows in their attitude towards their patrons and creates a real upbeat atmosphere.\n\nNow we come to the heart of the experience-- the food. There are plenty of choices in deli sandwiches, breads, oils, desserts, and lots of other things hard to resist. Everything looks great, and it is clear that like their counterparts in New York such as Zabar's, management strives to sell only the best and is recognized accordingly.\n\nWe ordered and enjoyed a number of dishes, including a pastrami Reuben sandwich, fresh turkey on rye, garlic potato salad, matzoh ball soup, cream soda, tea, and plain pastrami and corned beef. Like everyone else, we also noshed on a variety of samples provided free to everyone. These taste tests expanded our awareness of what we unfortunately couldn't  consume on one visit.\n\nSo, after all of this praise, why not five stars, you may ask? The reasons are two-fold, but are in no way intended to remotely suggest not going here and missing a great experience.\n\nFirst, the deli meats, which to my mind are the critical factor in this type of restaurant, come close but do not match the truly sublime deli found at their counterparts in New York, such as Katz's, the Second Avenue Deli, etc. Zingerman's meats are very good, but have excess fat. Both the pastrami and the corned beef, especially the former, lack the depth of flavor which their peer group achieves. Why this is so I do not know, but in a blind taste test I could  surely spot  the difference. \n\nA similar, puzzling result existed with some other dishes. For  example, the garlic potato salad looks great but does not taste anywhere as good as it looks. Siimilarly, we agreed that the matzoh ball soup missed the mark completely. Similarly, one of the UMich graduation receptions was catered by Zingerman's  ( with printed notices on the buffet tables, to everyone's delight ). Many of the dishes, such as the chicken salad, were sublime, but others like the egg salad and breads, were surprisingly bland and disappointing.\n\nSo the results are sometimes mixed, which is surprising because it is clear that management prides itself-- with justification-- on only selling the best quality, even at the expense of profit. I can only conclude that they may not be tasting everything they put out because, if I can tell, they surely can taste the difference. This is more than nit-picking but far less than serious criticism.\n\nThe last point is price. Be prepared to pay $20 each for a large sandwich and drink, more if other choices beckon."
: "The kiosk for t-mobile is always swamped with people, especially entire families who are with just one person getting a cell phone... so it can take a while to get served. The manager (or was it assistant mgr?) was very helpful though and he did me the favor of making me a copy of my sim card so if I ever lose my phone, I'll still have a backup of all that info. Apparently they'll charge for this but he did not charge me. Rock!"
: "Oh Yea! A friend of mine from work told me about Kitchenette and how it was his favorite restaurant so I knew I had to try it.\n\nThis place is located in the cut over on Amsterdam past Max Soho, and Max Cafe. The people were friendly, and greeted us immediately upon walking in. It was much more casual place where we seat our selves, but i actually prefer the freedom of being able to sit where I like.\n\nThe waiter Jon, was new and he admitted to not being too experienced when it came to \"the best thing on the menu\". This I appreciated, because several time's I've gotten people telling me to order things, they have never tried themselves before. \n\nCarol decided to order a Seaside Summerbliss, and I decided to go with a Strawberry Lemonade. Both drinks were really good, and I even mixed some of the Summerbliss into the Strawberry Lemonade for a nice little kick.\n\nCarol ordered the Ham & Brie sandwich with a salad, and I ordered the Kitchenette Specialty which is the Turkey Meatloaf with mashed potatoes and gravy. \n\nThe Turkey Meatloaf was really good, and cooked just right. I ate all of it, and Carol even enjoyed it also. \n\nAll while we were enjoying our meal Jon was speaking with us about our favorite show Seinfeld, and we were asking him trivia questions about \"where does jerry, kramer, and george live?\" He was able to answer all the questions surprisingly even though he recently came here from Michigan so this was all cool, and the conversation went great along with the meal.\n\nFor desert Carol ordered the Triple Chocolate Cake, I was stuffed from the Turkey Meatloaf, so I only ate about as much as a fork can grab.\n\nAll and All I thought Kitchenette was cool, a nice place in the cut and seemed real simple but good. No complaints here, and I'll be visiting again for sure."
: "I have also had not so good luck with the front desk at this location.  Weird, because they got my name completely wrong.   But I will travel to go get my waxing done by Maria.  They also have a very talented young lady named Tamara who gives the best facials.  Her hands get so hot, I swear she has hot stones in the tips of her fingers.\n\nSo just to update.  maria is now full time at the Ivy Walk Natural Body Location.  Tamara is still here.  David does a lot of energy work in his massages.  Meghan gives a fabulous massage as does Wannee."
: "Lovely and trendy, without being pretentious - if I lived around here, I wouldn't hesitate to often bring a laptop here for personal work use, while enjoying a fine cup of coffee. So cute!"
: "I'm surprised that no one's mentioned that Nassau Street Seafood makes the most amazing grilled fish sandwiches in the back. Yes, it's a bit strange that a fish place has a grill and cooks the fish they sell, but it really does make perfect sense--particularly once you eat it. \n\nI recommend the grilled tuna sandwich (I prefer it rare or seared, but as they say, eat undercooked seafood at your own risk) with tomatoes and lettuce. I think it's $7 or $8? It seems pricey, but portions are large. They also offer various cuts of fish and fried options, but this is by far my favorite.\n\nThey also sell a myriad of other raw and pre-prepared goods, including produce, chowders, local apple cider, pies, and of course, fish and other seafood. Things are expensive, but then again, this is Princeton.\n\nI used to literally live around the corner from this place and Blue Point Grill. As a matter of fact, the owner was my landlord (hi, Jack!). I can testify that their truck does come in early every morning with fresh fish (good thing I'm not a light sleeper).\n\nTip: Get the fries for your side dish (included with a sandwich). The other option is slaw, but these are some tasty thin-cut fries!"
: "Some of the tastiest Korean in Ann Arbor!  My friend and I come here about once a month-he loves the Galbi, and I am partial to their Kimchee Pork.  The Soon Tofu soup is also perfect for a cold Ann Arbor day.  You do have to order at the counter and seat yourself-I saw another reviewer comment that they feel this frees them up from tipping, but I always leave a handsome tip since they do bring out your food and clean the table when you leave-just seems like an obvious courtesy.  Not to mention, everyone is always very cordial!  Very informal, but excellent food!"
: "As a walk-in customer, I expected to be greeted at the front desk right away.  Instead, a gal was tucked away in the back office working on a sketch, while hubby and I waited. . and waited.  \n\nTen minutes later she came out to the front and said hello.  I explained that Deep Roots was booked (even though they told me on the phone they had space.. grrrr..) and they recommended I patron Liberty instead.  I had a small dove I wanted tattooed on my inner forearm.  She told me that she was alone in the shop and wasn't sure when anyone would be available.  I was surprised, considering it was a Friday night and the sign out front said 'Walk-ins Welcome.'  \n\nThankfully, three more artists showed up within a half hour and one was able to squeeze me in.  Vinse One was my guy and he did a lovely job.  My husband and another friend joined me, and Vinse was very focused, professional and patient with our big personalities.  He mixed the perfect colors as accents on the bird's body and the olive branch in its mouth.  A tiny picture of peace.\n\nEven though the start to this branding was disjointed, the end result was magic."
: "WGCL is the worst major-market news organization in the entire U.S.\n\nBy all accounts, Adam Murphy is a nice guy, but the \"restaurant report card\" is basically him being a giant bully, showing up, waving a microphone around, and then embarrassing whatever $8 an hour schlub is unfortunate enough to meet him at the door.\n\nA+ REPORTING THERE, GUYS!!!!  Don't you have a fire to cover?"
: "I wanted to go 3.5 on this one, because Yianni's seems a bit more than A-OK.  But I wasn't sure I could justify the 4. \n\nI was in Claremont at a client, and this was one of the many places he recommended.  When we got there there were only a couple of other people there, but by the time we left the place was about half full.  One of my co-workers and I each got a gyro, and out other co-worker got a greek salad. The lamb was really good, and the tzaziki sauce was really good. I liked that it was really thick and yogurt-y.  I really liked my pita, which had lots of tzaziki on it. But when I ate my co-workers (the one that got the salad) I noticed they really put lots of oil. It really could have gone without that, because the pita itself was pretty good.  I really liked the salad dressing. And my co-worker's greek salad came with these enormous chunks of feta.....I'm telling you - they were giant feta BRICKS!"
: "This place serves dimsum at any time.  This is a definite plus if you get a craving.  At the same time, this restaurant is nothing special.  The restaurant is located upstairs, and is quite old and worn.  The service is good, but the place could definitely use some cleaning.  The food was nothing special as well; most of it was forgettable, and nothing stood out."
: "It's a sports bar, so I got exactly what I expected.  Good bar food (GET THE O-RINGS, Y'ALL!!), but over-priced brews.  Their TVs are huge and well-placed.  Our server was very nice, albeit M.I.A. most of the night.  Usually I can flag a server down, but not here.  The manager was all over the place though, so I have total respect for that guy.  Very courteous."
: "Beautiful architecture, good sound, and solid sight lines from any seat in the house make this a charming little theater. Gets two thumbs up from me!"
: "Old school diner!!!!\nGreasy burgers with oil dripping down with each bite.....its sinful, its gluttony. \n\nPatrons usually sit at the counter and 1-2 servers go back and forth filling your drinks and getting your food.\n\nI really wanted to try their shakes and pies, but I was stuffed after my burger.....alas, stupid me didn't leave room for dessert.\n\nFYI: cash or check only!!!"
: "Never having been in Philadelpha, I can't speak for the authenticity of the cheese steaks (and cheese steaks seem like the kind of food where authenticity matters), but I can say that I like South Street. The cheese steaks are tasty and in a combo with some fries, a small salad, and a soda (blech, Pepsi), makes for a good and very filling lunch. Prices are a little on the high side, though (almost $9-10 for the combos).\n\nMore notable than the food, to me, is the decor and details you see at the establishment. The tables are papered with Philadelphia newspapers; the walls are adorned with large plaques listing notable Philadelphians; they have Tastycakes and some kinda ice dessert thing that apparently Philadelphians like; and so on. They've gone through a lot of effort to try to bring Philadelphia to L.A. and it's a nice touch.\n\nThings to try: the veggie cheese steak is interesting, with bitter greens. Not for everyone, but if you're a cheese-eating vegetarian, there's something for you. Also, the Philly cheese fries is an decadent indulgence to try once. That's some serious cholesterol in a paper boat."
: "There are a lot of areas you could work in that wouldn't be nearly as enjoyable as Harvard Sq.  My husband works elsewhere and he doesn't have the ability to take nice leisurely lunch breaks to meander through shops.....and he doesn't get to have many choices for lunch either.  And there are definitely no areas for him to enjoy his lunch outside.  So I consider myself to be lucky.  There are some hidden gems in Harvard Sq and during the warm months its just a fun place to be.  There are always street performers and the whole place seems to thrive.   I find the regular Harvard Sq characters endearing.  Since I only make my way to the Sq from the confines of my office when its warm out I don't run into that many students.   Sure there are a lot of commercial places.  Sure my favorite bookstore closed.  But there is still a lot to explore in and around the Square."
: "Okay for what it provides. Possibly one of the few restaurants nearby that offers a variety of asian foods. Everything looks like its a semi-decent meal. I had the Pho Bowl... pretty standard. You won't find super delectable entrees just an Okay, quick eat."
: "Claremont's a perfect example of a great little town/city. There's a sense of personality here that's missing in many other towns and cities. The best part of Claremont is the downtown area with many great food places and shops such as Rhino Records, The Back Abbey, and Somecrust Bakery. I have yet to find a place that disappointed me there. Lately, I've been going to Claremont a few times a week as I'll go there just to hang out there a bit; to go to a favorite place, get something great, and head back home; or go there and then head out to the OC or other parts of LA County. To summarize, Claremont's my favorite local town and I enjoy every adventure I have there. Hell, after writing this, I think I'll go there later today."
bar
bar
bar
bar
bar
bar
bar
bar
bar
bar
bar
bar
bar
bar
bar
bar
bar
bar
bar
bar
barbar
bar
bar
bar
bar
bar
bar
bar
bar
bar
bar
bar
bar
bar
bar
bar
bar
bar
bar
bar
bar
bar
bar
barv
bar
bar
bar
bar
bar
bar
bar
bar
bar
bar
bar
bar
bar
bar
bar
bar
bar
bar
: "Pam's is truly as good as it gets -- even better than many Trinidad kitchens!  Food is fantastic.  Slid into island time and enjoy this food!"
: "The burgers are good, the shakes are heavenly. I enjoyed a Dick Cheney (just a heartbeat away...) which is a delicious \"home-cooked\" style burger with bacon and a side of baked beans. Everything about it was delicious. The side was a bit small, but still good. Ya, the burgers are a bit pricey, but they are the best in Boston without a doubt.\n\nThe milkshake was hands down the best I've had in Boston. I had a chocolate and it was everything I ever dreamed of. It was fairly cheap too, especially considering the likes of JP Licks (which is good, but empties your wallet).\n\nThe seating arrangements are a bit odd, but it fits in with the whole feel of the place. Also it's cash only so hit up the ATM first. There's always a line on the weekend, and they don't do reservations, so just stand in line outside."
: "This review is for the bar (my friend Peter Pie and I bypassed the restaurant in favor of quicker access to food and drink).  The bar was nice and spacious, with lots of small tables and bar stools to perch on.  There is a jukebox with a limited selection of songs, and I was sad to see that it did not include \"Don't Fear the Reaper\" by Blue Oyster Cult.  The next establishment I find with that song on its jukebox will automatically get five stars and a cowbell dance from me.  \n\nThe bartender (Jason?) was quite helpful and patient with our weirdness (i.e., my taking pictures of every food or drink, rhapsodizing about old-man drinks, and our conversation about the phantom pooper in UVA dorms), and he makes excellent cocktails.  \n\nDrinks:\nRioja wine: Dry, full-bodied and yummy.\nChimay White: Peter Pie had this.  I assume it was good.\nManhattan:  Delicious!  They use Fee Brothers bitters and Basil Hayden bourbon.  I am converted to Manhattans now, and may try it with the Bulleit (? sp) bourbon another time.\nBasil gimlet:  This is what I think a mint julep should be (if mint juleps didn't have bourbon and mint).  It was gorgeous, green, and like a breath of springtime on a wintry night.  I coveted Peter Pie's in spite of my lovely Manhattan.\nRaspberry tea:  Sweet, pink and girly, yet not cloying.  \nSweet pomegranate greyhound:  Peter Pie got this after we saw the bartender pour four of them for different customers.  It tasted mostly of grapefruit juice and was a little less delightful than the basil gimlet.\n\nFood:\nGrilled calamari with cranberry beans and other stuff in bacon vinaigrette:  I like seeing calamari in non-ring format.  I also like bacon on anything.  The cranberry beans were a little odd.\nCheese plate with poached quince:  Quince was yummy, as was the cheese.  The little round pieces of bread were only okay.\nSeared tuna with deviled eggs, green beans, and greens:  Very good, though the tuna was tiny.  I liked the vegetables--maybe I can trick myself into eating more veggies by putting cubes of seared tuna near them.\n\nAll in all, Casablanca was a solid Tuesday-night experience.  I will definitely go back!"
: "When I first started to see Ashley, I was suffering from regular tension headaches. My shoulders and neck were hard as granite, and it hurt to be massaged even lightly. After a few months of deep tissue work every other week, the headaches disappeared, my neck feels longer, and my shoulders are softer. Ashley fine-tunes her work to whatever you need, and she also gives advice on stretches and exercises that you can do at home to keep your muscles loose."
: "Solid sandwich shop with a monstrous variety of sandwiches - grilled panini, clubs, wraps - and salads.  LOTS of healthy options.  I especially like the grilled vegetable and hummus wrap or the mediterranean wrap.  Great lemon chicken soup.  This used to also be named Cafe Podima - like the place by Government Center - name changed about a year or so ago.  But like the other location, don't miss the frozen yogurt.  Again an insane variety and oh, so good.  Tofu frozen \"yogurt\" too."
: "The first thing you'll notice in this apartment-converted-to-a-restaurant is the hipster/cutesy decor. If you're a fan of cheap chandeliers hung in odd places and tables arranged so the you feel like you're sitting in bed, right by a ginormous puffy headboard, with plenty of pillows, you will like it here. It's a little twee... but I liked it anyway.\nWe came with a group of 8 for brunch. We didn't have a reservation, as the place asked for a credit card # to hold a reservation, which, especially at a place this casual, is really not ok. Still, it wasn't that busy, and we didn't have any trouble getting seated.\nBottomless cups of coffee were tasty and reasonably priced.\nWe all got potato pancakes to share as an appetizer - they were good.\nI and one other person ordered the \"Tiny Evans\" (all the menu items have cutesy names). This baked egg dish had a special note on the menu that it takes a long time to prepare - but yet it arrived before everyone else's entrees! It was extremely tasty. Most all the items ordered were excellent - the one exception was the \"Dougie Boy.\" The menu description (\"Smoked Salmon Purses, capers, green onion and cr\u00e8me fra\u00eeche in an herb crepe\") didn't lead us to assume it would be served refrigerator-cold, with a soggy crepe.\nHowever, the cupcakes went a long way toward making up for that one disappointment. Apparently, they have different flavors every day, but some of the highlights we sampled included: pumpkin with mascarpone topping, lemon tea cake with raspberry jam, and salted chocolate caramel. They were all excellent. The one unfortunate thing is that the person who initially suggested the restaurant to us picked it because they usually have gluten-free cupcakes - and they didn't have any on this occasion. She got an ice cream dessert instead."
: "I was first drawn to PAMA for the Kali classes they offered.  I was immediately hooked and soon after started training in JKD and got hooked on that.  Then it was Silat, and then Muay Thai, and grappling.  So many arts are offered each with its own extensive curriculum and rooted in tradition.\nSifu Rick and his head instructors are always running and/or training in class with you so you are training at a high level all the time.  There is a great mix of students ranging in age and experience level.  I have been training at PAMA for 4 years now and only scratched the surface of what it has to offer."
: "OK first of all understand that I've lived in NY for 30 years after being born in Berkeley in the 70s.  Second, understand that I have family in Palo Alto...and I've been going to Schaubs since the early 90s. The beef jerky must be dosed with the same stuff as the Fred Steak, since it is literally the best on the planet. I've had fresh jerky from all over, including the NYTimes latest review of the \"best\" Texas Aggie jerky, this jerky, that jerky....but I still come back to Schaubs once or twice a year JUST FOR THE JERKY! \nHere's the trick: you have to order the peppered jerky (anything else is good but not GREAT) and you mut order at least 3 pounds to make it cost effective to ship. Holler at Postal Annex for the shipping, and they will make sure it gets to you in 2-3 days (remember this is dried beef, so no need for dry ice or a big box...I asked for a FEDEX mailer box for my last 3 pounds, and it worked fine). \nI got my 3lb. package of peppered today, and it's like Thanksgiving started a day late. It's so addictive I'm starting to think it has CRACK in it...or a least good COFFEE like the Fred Steak recipe....SHHH...LOL...\nI'm about to REUP for 6 pounds!!!\nHas anyone else had this jerky epiphany??????"
: "This place is simply ok. That's about it. One problem I have is that they are ALWAYS trying to sell you something. ALWAYS. No advice comes without a sales pitch. \nNOTE: I previously wrote about a particular tall employee who I found to be less than helpful, seemingly ignored my query and started into a sales pitch for something that was completely not what I was asking about. But I was silly for saying those other remarks. But I stand by the sales pitchyness of this place. ALWAYS pushing.\n\nSo, go here for tubes and tires and a bell. Don't bother expecting the best service or an understanding of bikes in general, but more of strictly their own stock. To be fair, their prices are good for most things.\n\nI'd like to also add that while I admire the owner Mike's need to stand by his shop and employees, I've felt this pushy, single-tracked sales pitch from him more than anyone there. His passion is infectious but also abrasive, and often at the expense of helping the customer. \n\nBut thanks for the comment, mike. Community dialogue. That's what this is all about."
: "In my last experience with them, I went in to buy printer ink. It was easy enough to find exactly what I was looking for, but because it was behind a counter, I had to ask a staff member to get it for me. When I approached the staff member behind the desk, I specified exactly what I wanted and even told her where it was on the shelf. She consulted her computer and tried to tell me they didn't carry it. Even when I walked over to the shelf and pointed directly at the ink that I wanted, she tried to tell me they didn't carry what I wanted. I had to get her to walk over to where I was standing, and even then, she had a difficult time finding the cartridge I needed, even when I was pointing right at it.\n\nI don't think I've ever dealt with staff that frustrating before, and I haven't been back since."
: "We had our ceremony and reception at the museum and it was absolutely perfect. Our main contact at the museum was Courtney. She was an amazing person to work with - responsive, creative, unbelievably helpful, enthusiastic, professional, calm and fun! She worked wonderfully with me directly before we hired our wedding planner and continued that great relationship once our planner was involved. Courtney knows how to talk to brides, grooms, parents, planners and other vendors. She is calm in the face of a storm, provides excellent suggestions when asked for them and can help to provide solutions when there are problems and went out of her way to help us in pulling everything together.\n\nThe museum itself is amazing and has unlimited photo opportunities. And it just keeps getting better with all the new exhibits. As another reviewer mentioned, there are time restrictions. We were very nervous about the limited load in time for our ridiculous number of vendors. However, the staff at the museum is very experienced with this and it was not a problem in the least.\n\nI know it isn't the least expensive place to hold your wedding, but there are so many other benefits that outweigh the pure costs. A portion of the fees are tax-deductible and you also get a membership to the museum which gives you access to invitations for a number of special events. There are venues in Los Angeles that are comparably priced that don't provide those benefits, nor could they accommodate the size of our group (240 people) and frankly - those other places don't provide dinosaurs as the backdrop for your ceremony.\n\nWe had an absolutely unforgettable wedding and reception - not just for ourselves, but for many of our guests. The setting of the museum was perfect and I wouldn't have wanted to do it anywhere else."
: "Having a sweet tooth, I'm always on the lookout for a new place for desserts.  Cupcakes are quite remarkable - not too sweet and full of flavor."
: "We stayed here while in town for my cousin's graduation.  She was able to get us a discounted rate, so I can't complain about that.\n\nWe stayed in a room on the 3rd floor.  Upon turning on the shower the next morning, I noticed the water was VERY brown.  The sink water was the same (not like this the night before).  I called the front desk asking if anyone has complained.  She said no, but she sent maintenance up to check it out. The maintenance man came up, checked it out, told us to keep the water running until it ran clear.  Apparently, a water main had broken in the street and many people were complaining about the discolored water on our side of the hotel.  Eventually, it cleaned itself up and was back to normal.\n\nThe beds in this room were rather uncomfortable and hard.  The mini bar/fridge wasn't even cold.  No free internet service either.  Self parking was $18/day.\n\nThe hotel is connected to Providence Place Mall, which is very convenient.  \n\nNot sure if I'd stay here again.  But at least this visit didn't cost us an arm and a leg!"
: "I've been eager to try this Irish pub out for myself after hearing about the Irish Fayre and Bread Pudding. I was not disappointed. \n\nI had the potato skins as an appetizer, which were average but still tasty. \n\nMy entree was the Shepherd's Pie. Delicious! It not only had a consistency that was perfect for a cold winter day, but a strange flavor that I liked. I think this is from the Bass Ale gravy. I am not a sea food person, but I liked.\n\nThe real magic took place in the dessert. The Bread Pudding is to die for! Not only was it the perfect warm temperature, but an excellent mix of flavors! Definitely recommend splitting this with someone though, it is huge!\n\nMy conclusion, this is going to become a seasonal staple. Not the best food I've ever had, but better than average Irish Fayre and unbelievably good Bread Pudding!"
: "I have never been dissatisfied with a sandwich or soup. The fries... The homemade ketchup makes them complete. Maybe I'm easy to please.\n\nHowever, do not go here if you expect friendly service. I walked in today and no one greeted me. For a friendly neighborhood deli I was disappointed."
: "My first time here.Friendly staff. The Food & drinks was delicious. My waitress was kind. However, the service was slow. The food service was on point, but I would've liked if she kill her customers with service. Service & personality 20 % tip but in this case she deserved 15% ."
: "This place is freaking AWESOME!  Not only is it cheap but their ice cream sandwiches are AMAZING!!!!!!!!"
: "How will my review stand out in lieu of the 155 already here? It likely won't. However, I highly recommend you see a show at the middle east. Get there early and push your way to the front to get an amazing view of your band.\n\nI'll tell you they book wicked cool bands-- the Wrens, Mountain Goats, Art Brut, Dungen-- for wicked cheap. Save yourself ticketmaster fees by buying from the box office.\n\nOH! and I can't believe I forgot to note that I once purchased a shot of hennessey for Eddie Argos, handed it to him, and he DRANK it onstage during \"Move to LA.\""
: "After dinner as we were walking to our car, we stumbled up this place.  It is so cool because it's kind of like Dave n Busters. You get a $25 card, but it doesn't mean you have to spend it all you spend it on any wine you like and if you don't use all $25 dollars its okay, you only pay for what you drink.  The machines are so cool you just slide your card in the slot, and it tells you how much you have left and you press the button and an ounce of wine pour out into your wine glass.  One thing you have to keep in mind is that you have $25 dollars, doesn't mean you have to spend it all, if you only try one type of wine at $2.00 that is okay, that is all you spend.  You DON'T have to use all $25 dollars, because you didn't pay for a $25 card the card is just valued at $25 dollar.  It was hard to remember that because after a few tasting we kept thinking we had $9 more dollars what else do we need to try.  And yes, we finished the $25.00 because we wanted to try almost everything.  And the wine can be ordered by the glass or you can buy the entire bottle.  It is a cool concept and a good experience.  And the service was great, and they are very knowledgeable.  If you don't have any idea where to start to ask and they will suggest a few for you to start of with."
: "The best Chinese restaurant in College Park.\n\nHIgh quality, a little bit more expensive than the others but it's worth the extra dollars.\n\nHaven't had a single dish I didn't like and I've ordered it upwards of 10 times.\n\nIt's the best!"
: "I'm used to going to the one on Capital hill but since that one shut down and I ( at the time that  I first went into this place)  just moved in with my Parnter to the North End. We came in after a few days of fasting. So everything that went into our Mouths Was holy. My Partner cried. Thought that was cute.\n\nThe fact that this location was WAY bigger, was a turn on. athough them together, aren't big to begin with. I ordered the \"Jamaican wrap\", All in all it was GREAT but I found it a little bit too salty. Lked that there were only 2 people on staff, the Cook and the waitress. I believe they are related. They make you feel like you're in their dining room and they are dieing to cook for you. I'm dreaming of coming to this spot again. Can't wait!"
: "It's a hole in the wall - but don't be deceived!  Mandarin Chef is the best Chinese in the U District.\n\nThey have incredible, award winning hand-shaved noodles so order the Yakisoba.  I've never had anything bad here and always have enough for leftovers.  Delicious food all around.  Great potstickers and fried rice.\n\nAlso, the woman who runs the place and is the server is incredibly sweet and kind.  I have lived in the area for four and half years and Mandarin Chef is one of my favorite restaurants for a quick bite."
: "There was a wait, so you should get a reservation. Food was pretty good."
: "A re-review of this amazing restaurant. I cannot praise this place enough. For the ultimate experience, pull up a seat at the sushi bar. Every sushi chef here is incredibly kind and serves up some seriously hearty portions. Serve your chef some sake and watch your cuts of sushi grow larger and larger. They have some of the freshest  fish in SLO. Make sure to give the Yellow Tail a try, absolutely the best I have ever had. If the happen to have it, try the Spanish Mackerel, another amazing cut of fish. Support this place. One of the few truly honest establishments."
: "I LOVE HENRY'S!! i cant beleive i didn't review this place yet..\n\nBASICALLY, if you want to get a stiff cocktail and don't want to feel all grossed out and dirty *cough* BLAKES *cough*, this is the place to go.  Right by campus, you can stop by and have a drink after a long and intense study session! \nmy favorite cocktails here are the joie de veev and the special bloody mary! and the specialty cocktail Amy makes me on fridays! yum! \n\nthe FOOD FOOD FOOD! MMMMMMMMMMMMM!!! my favorite is the angry mac and cheese. oh my.  i had such a craving i just HAD to go.  the cuban panini is wonderful, too. basically, chef eddie makes everything TASTY!!! \n\nthe only downside is the price- a bit steep for college kids, i have to say, but still, SO WORTH IT!!!! im definitely gonna miss this place when i graduate. *tear*.  \n\noverall, GREAT FOOD, GREAT COCKTAILS, convenient location, newly rennovated interior, and friendly staff!"
: "This place has got to be the hardest place to find if you don't know where you are looking. I swear we drove by it 3 times before realizing where it was. My experience with Pluckers has been alright, not great but not bad either. For wings, Pluckers is pretty expensive. They are definitely better than the ones you can get at Waterloo but they also cost more. The first time I went I was really glad I had a $10 off coupon which made the night much more enjoyable.\n\nI once tried ordering Pluckers and having them deliver it but they told me the wait would be like 2 hours. I don't know if it was just a high demand time but seriously?!? 2 hours?!?"
: "I remember when this was a great restaurant, decades ago.  So,as we're walking by heading for Indian food, one companion tells us about the G.R. makeover, so we go in.  Well, he may have changed the management and the menu, but he forgot to introduce the kitchen staff to their spice shelf.  My chicken mole looked nice, but the sauce had zero taste.  The steak tacos, while done with good meat [diner was not asked how he wanted his steak, by the way, and it was rarer than he likes] but the steak was totally unseasoned so didn't have any pizazz.  I won't be back."
: "Went 6/25 night. Opened for the second day. Decor is beautiful and upscale. Food was very good, unagi(eel) and tuna and yellowtail sushi topped off with Pinot Grigio. Very satisfying. Waitress seemed to be new to position but pleasant. Going back for hibachi tonight. \nVery satisfying evening for an attractive price."
: "My husband and I really like to eat here when we are in the mood for Indian food. The restaurant is clean, the service is very good, and the food is tasty! We usually order the lamb curry, tandoor chicken, palak paneer, and samosas. I also like the rice pudding.\nGreat place!"
: "good burgers and service... very nice."
: "I love ethnic cuisine, but I don't usually get excited about American food.  It tends to be bland, boring and greasy.  The union grill is a notable exception.  It's food is all fresh, flavorful, and extremely reasonably priced for massive portions.  Also, the wine prices are the cheapest I've seen and you can BYOB without paying a corkage fee.  Whether you want gourmet burgers, sandwiches, pasta or salads, this is your best bet in Oakland."
: "5 buck karma-free Monday night dinner?  Gotta give that a shout out.  Anyplace that satisfies my evening grubbin' needs that cheaply can make the whole day seem even better.\n\nDown the steep stairs and into the warm scent of good hippie eats.  You get in line, toss your fiver in a basket, and are given large portions of whatever they cooked up.\n\nTonight was rice, veggies with Indian flavors, kick-ass lentil soup, and a brownie.  Drinks cost extra, water is free with dinner.  You can eat as much food as can be shoveled down.\n\nThe atmosphere is like a laid-back commune, with a smattering of all campus types.  Punk, hippie, geek, frat/soror, etc.  It's a really friendly place with a community-building-is-awesome vibe.\n\nMy friends who've been in town awhile say it can be a tad hit or miss.  Tonight was for the win, fo' sho'.  \n\nAnother tip I was given is to bring a Tupperware.  If you accidentally get more seconds than you can eat, you'll be able to have some noms for lunch the next day.  Or, ya know, snacking on the way home.  It might be a little less karma free that way, though..."
: "I love Akasha! I've been going here for almost 2 years now and I can definitely say I love going here! This place has gone through some major changes over the past 6 months--in an awesome way! The studio is a perfect space; small and intimate but open & fresh. All the instructors are very knowledgeable, friendly and supportive. They are all unique and offer a variety of different classes and methods of teaching--so you won't get bored! The owner, Stephanie rocks--she will make you feel at home and welcome at Akasha. \n\nWith the help of all the great instructors I have definitely grown in my practice and ability. Starting with little yoga experience and low flexibility, I am now taking the advance classes and doing what I never thought I could!\nIf you are looking for a great yoga community, this is the place to be. It's a great place to come if you are just starting out and want to know what yoga is about or if you are an advanced yoga and want a challenge and new insight in your practice. \n\nI love Akasha!"
: "Cookies are good, for the price, but could benefit from a reduction in butter (or whatever they use) and a decrease in added sugar. Ice cream sandwiches are ok but too sweet for me to handle. I can't even finish one without feeling sick. The brownies are pretty gross so I never buy those. On the other hand, try taking the cookies home and microwaving one for like 10 seconds. When they are warm they taste like 200% better."
: "for lunch buffet, this is a great find.  First, they have all the \"basics\" down pat... food is always ready on time; kept hot, replensihed as necessary.  NEVER disappointing.  The food is very good, the buffet offering is different from day to day, and , from my perspective, they use the most HEALTHFUL cooking recipes in the area (for Indian/Pakistani food).  Minimal oil in most dishes; not a lot of cream (except in the creamy dishes like vegetable korma, etc.).\nVery comfortable atmosphere; friendly greeting and service.\nAnd a few $$ less than the \"other\" Latham Indian Buffet option.  \nAlso includes self serve soda station, chat station and dessert....and green tea.\nDefinitely give them a try.  I go here almost every week."
: "Good selection.  If your into design, make this a stop.  Paper products mostly, but lots of other things also."
: "Good diner burgers. Parking can be a problem."
: "Single slices are about twice the size of the slices in a whole pie."
: "This place is great for last minute, Sunday night chinese food delivery. I usually stick to the basics with chinese food and their basics are yummy. Won ton soup was good but on the plain side and the potstickers were tasty. Walnut shrimp is one of my favorite things and theirs did not disappoint! I will definitely be ordering from here again."
: "If you haven't had Persian food then you don't know what you're missing, and this is a great place to get your feet wet or continue your Persian exploration. \n\nThe food here is very good. The koobideh (my go to, 2 skewers of minced meet made with some delicious spices, and a side of saffron rice) is always delicious. It's usually perfectly cooked and very juicy. At times it's a bit overcooked on the ends but it's still great. The joojeh (chicken skewers marinated in great spices with a side of saffron rice) is also delicious and a great choice. You can't really go wrong no matter what you order but these are my two favorite. \n\nThe dessert is also great. My favorite is the bastani (rose water ice cream, it tastes like eating what a rose smells like). This is great choice. If you're on a date I suggest getting this. It's a perfect size to share especially after the vast quantity of food that you probably just ate. \n\nThe service is great and pretty quick. It's also priced pretty similarly to most persian places. \n\nThe parking here isn't great though. There is a lot across the street but it costs $5 as a flat rate. And the street parking is nearly impossible to find. \n\nThis is definitely a great spot to try out."
: "My friend wanted a burger so we ended up coming here. The atmosphere is fun, like you are in Hawaii, but the food isn't very good. Don't even get the salad to be healthy since it's just a bowl of iceberg lettuce. Nothing green colored in there at all. And the tomatoes were barely a pink shade with no flavor. The fries are a bit too hard, double fried perhaps? Everything else is ok, nothing here will blow your mind. Think like a Chili's type of place to eat."
: "This place has become one of my favorite places to eat in SLO. I came here twice with different people and we all left feeling satisfied. When you first enter, it feels really comforting and has a vacation feel to it. I think it's all the by the beach decor. You walk up this slightly sloped ramp to get to the cashier. Along the way, you can grab a menu and decide what you want. I came here for dinner my first time, and got the 1/2 sandwich and soup paired with smoothie (no sherbet or ice cream, just fruits and juice!) my first time here. It was delicious!! You can to choose the filling (albacore melt, avocado, or turkey), and for the soup it was cream of broccoli or the vegetable lentil. I chose the cream of broccoli and albacore (there's pictures). My total was ~$12, which I think it was worth every penny.\n\nThe 2nd time I came here I got the Cobber Gobbler (turkey burger) with avocado from the recommendation of my friend. I also got a smooth, this time it was the S.B. special. total was $13.45. We sat down at any table of our choice, and placed the number they gave me on the table. When our food is ready, the waiter brings the food to the table.  Two of my friends that I came with got the same thing, and we all enjoyed it. The burger comes with a side of organic chips and salsa. Delish!\n\n I would definitely recommend this place to anyone, especially if you feel like eating a burger by doesn't want something too fattening.\n\nThey don't take Discover for credit card.\n\nSmoothies:\nThe Lisa Fellini tastes like Aloha pineapple from Jamba\nThe S.B. Special has a strong peach flavor to it\nVery Berry is like Razzmatazz\nStrawberry fields is like Strawverry Wild"
: "Birch Aquarium is nothing like Sea World. I think if you keep that in mind you will appreciate this aquarium for what it is- a small educational center for kids. It is far less expensive than Sea World, so I think it balances out in its entertainment/cost ratio.\n\nMy kids are at that funny age where they are to big for Captain Kids World, and they are actually interested in global warming. Weird. The exhibit on \"the Art of Deception\" was very cool and kept them entertained, even if it was by trying to one-up each other finding the hidden sea dragons. Be sure to check on line for feeding schedules to help maximize your visit.\n\nAll that being said, plan on being here about two hours. Parking is free :)"
: "I have never tried Indian food before because i was fiercely scared. But the yuhj said that indian food wasnt that bad. So there we were on a regular dandy night. She goes to USC, so we decided to walk over and try some Indian food. \n\nMy opinion, not bad. Not bad at all. I can definitely get used to this. That garlic naan bread and both the chicken and lamb curry dishes we had were fine. They didnt taste scary and they fit my taste buds. And it was pretty darn cheap. I likey."
: "This restaurant is terrible.  Not only is the food terrible (I got better gyoza at costco)  but the service is even worse.  \n\nThe food:  The food is just bad.  The Udon noodles tasted like cold spagetti dipped in Udon soup.  The soup itself was questionable and I am not surprised if it was made from an Udon soup mix.  The Teriyaki chicken was just bland (I had the Teriyaki/Udon Combo) and dry.  \n\nThe Gyoza tasted like really bad Costco Gyoza.  Not even worth the $3.50 I paid for it.\n\nThe only redeeming thing about the food was the rice tasted standard.\n\nNow the service:  This is where I got really ticked off.  I got here a bit late, probably around 9pm.  I do not know when closing time was, but when I barely eaten my food, the owner of the restaurant yelled at us to leave.   he was like:  IT'S CLOSING TIME GET OUT!\n\nI tried to eat as fast as I could, but then he kept on flashing the lights on us until he just turned it off.\n\nI have never been disrespected like this before.  If that coward had the guts to face us rather than yelling at us through the intercom, then I don't know what I would have done. \n\nHe should not have treated us like trash.\n\nHe should not have open a restaurant and expect to treat people this way.\n\nDo not go here.  The food not only sucks, but expect to get disrespected by spineless cowards."
: "Franklin's has tasty food. I also enjoy browsing their store for gag gifts."
: "I am writing this review based off of many bad experiences spanning over several years time. Being an Ann Arbor vegan, I wish this could be the restaurant it has the potential to be. Sadly, it has many problems. The service is awful, the waiters seem lazy, sluggish, stoned. There is no uniform. They don't seem to take things seriously. The ambience is lacking. There are dying plants, it is dirty, the booths are uncomfortable and falling apart. Most importantly, the food is not good. I know what good veg food can taste like, my husband is a chef, and this is not it. We are always disappointed and twice got food poisoning shortly after eating here. The food is also wildly overpriced! Save your money and do not eat at this restaurant. I think it was better back in the day but it has lost its spark. If you are going to go anyway after reading this, General Tso's Cauliflower is my favorite thing."
: "Bryce, Mike, and John are a great bunch. Their turnover tends to be excellent, and if it's going to take them a bit to get something done, they will be upfront about it. Sometimes they might even give you a hustle if it's really taken outrageously long :-) But honestly their prices are so reasonable that it's completely unnecessary.\n\nThey have a variety of bike-related items in stock, and if they don't have it on hand, they're more than happy to put it in an order. I stopped by one time to get some metal pant clips which they didn't have in stock, didn't even ask them to order a pair, then found them on the shelf the next time I stopped by.\n\nIf you bug them enough (or just pop in to say hi, they like that, too!), you're sure to get greeted with a smile and first name. It's a friendly, non-snobbish--I have a couple older, cheapo bikes--place to have good work done."
: "Alright.  Pretty fresh.  Decent portions and size.  Steamed vegetables as a side option instead of fried rice/chow mein.\n\nSome Pandas are better than others.  This one's better."
: "Summary based on many visits over years:\n--good selection\n--good prices\n--service ok\n--parking terrible close by, not too bad some blocks away to the west\n\nMinus 1* since Moe with his cigar isn't shuffling around anymore. RIP"
: "Just because I went on the opening day doesn't mean I can't review it. I've been to plenty of restaurant openings and had a great experience. This is your shot to give me a good impression and you blow it? My first issue is that they should of done a soft opening. They were being really greedy about trying to get the 4th of July crowd in there and didn't make sure the experience was good enough. The wait staff was clueless. I saw a guy walking around for 15 mins trying to figure out who ordered the burger and fries he had. Upon arrival we were told we couldn't get food, why? because they had too many people. HELLO why weren't you prepared for that? It took 25mins for my waitress to tell me they did not have frozen magaritas and then an HOUR when she came back and said that they did not have mint from my mojito. They didn't seat us at a table, you literally walk in and good luck - find a table yourself! I gave this place a second shot and the second time not one waiter ever came over to take our order. Went to the bar, got a drink, and i was given a watered down mojito. My friend went another day and they ran out of BEER! seriously?\n\nMoral of the story is ... yes this place is a nice spot for Harlem, something different and SURE it could be great but my suggestion is that you wait at least a month until they fix the kinks because they clearly have many."
: "I love Pochi tea and frozen yogurt. They are generous with their servings of froyo and toppings. The flavor of the frozen yogurt is very yummy.  I take a star away for their fried food. Every time I've tried their fried food I feel really sick afterwards."
: "This is your one stop shop for all the little crap you need to buy your silly little friends or all those lame little stocking stuffers you are compelled to buy your 40 nieces and nephews.\n\nSpace can be a commodity here and it is frequently packed in here and almost impossible to move.  But who really cares because where else can you buy everything from novelty Christmas lights to green plastic army men and just about everything little novelty toy in between?  \n\nPrices are fair but won't blow you away.  Selection is pretty amazing, of course I am not sure exactly what you can compare it with since it is a very unique store.\n\nOverall, this is another one of those places in Austin that everyone must visit whether you live here or are just visiting.  If you have company coming to town and you don't take them here you aren't worthy of calling yourself an Austinite."
: "You won't find me on Facebook, Twitter, Gayspace, etc....do you catch my drift?....BUT I do have a yelp account because it's crucial in times like these that a great establishment/individual be recognized for a service/product that's second to none. Case in point, JerFab or better known simply as Jerry. A one man operation, old school style, takes a job and simply \"GETS IT DONE\", no farming out work here. I remember taking a drive all the way down to the heart of the OC back when he was located in Anaheim to have this guy do a ragtop/semaphore graft into an all original 58' bug, end result was so impressive that no bondo/filler was needed to finish the job. I actually left that car the way it was and everyone thought it was original, it was that nice. It's awesome to see Jerry closer to my residence as he is now in Upland, he continues to do top notch work on many rides that I've seen at major car shows and he even just recently got contracted to do some SERIOUS WORK on my original 54' chassis and soon on the actually 3 fold body itself. All in all Jerrys a cool cat that knows what's up with metal, just do everyone a favor and don't rush him, perfection takes time, planning and hard work. Afterall if it was that easy you would be doing the work yourself. That's a wrap folks."
: "This place is by far one of my favorite Italian restaurants in Houston.  If you appreciate a non-chain that pays close attention to detail, this is the place to go. It's tiny but packs a punch with flavor.  I've been going here for several years. I live in Austin now but when I come back to visit, I always make it a point to go here. I order the smoked duck ravioli. You have to make sure it's made the old way. They created a new version that isn't as fantastic as it used to be. This place is a must. \nOh and I can't forget the dessert! While you order your meal, you have to order the strawberry shortcake. It is amazing!! It takes them a while to bake it but trust me, it's so worth it. If you are a foodie, follow my suggestion and you are sure to have a fabulous meal :)"
: "This is a good change for when your tired of panda express or something like that I usually get the teriyaki bowl and sum california roll nothing so exciting about this place but for fast food and when ur around this place u cant go wrong with this place."
: "I had the same experience this past Saturday night when we happened in at about six.  The hostess told us the wait was an hour and a half.  As we said \"no thanks\" and turned to leave she yelled out \"Just so you know if you want to come back on a Friday or Saturday night you need a reservation\" .  Very loud and very rude."
: "I used to frequent the BW3 in Greenville, NC while I was there and I had to check it out locally when I got back. Let me start off by saying...if you like meat, go to BW3! if you don't like meat, start liking it and go, go, go!!! \nThis place would be amazing for any kinda game night, or regular night...but especially game night since they have TVs EVERYWHERE! They always have drink specials and...Wings? I needn't get into that...lets just say, go and find out! The Big Jack Daddy Burger is...heaven!\nDid I mention...go to BW3? Go...now!"
: "Takes me back to my college days (last year). I love the burgers I get here. Plenty of food, great prices, and awesome service! Definitely will go out of my way to visit from time to time."
: "I agree with my fellow yelpers, this restuarant is really a fantastic place to dine and have a wonderful evening out. I have gone there several times not only for Restaurant Week, but to spend a night out with the girls. The Wine Cellar is a great place to go out for a date as it is very intimate, relaxing, and has a very romantic ambience. Some of my personal favorites at their restuarants are Thierry's Chicken which is delicious with artichokes, red bell peppers and a yummy sauce. My favorite fondue is the there Chocolate Dream with marshmellows, cookies, strawberries, and banana. If you are interested in trying fondue out, I highly recommended this restaurant."
: "The only thing going for my recent visit, was the waiter. He was very kind and attentive. The food, on other hand, was very below the standard you'd expect for Smith and Wollensky. Fish was over salted (Salmon and Tuna),  the steaks were overcooked and the bread was pretzels with BUTTER?\n\nNo thanks, there are plenty of other steak houses and seafood places in Center City."
: "@CalbiBBQ! Ahh so it's only been recently that I've been trying out all these food trucks. I've never tried the whole Korean/Mexican fusion food craze and so I was excited to see Calbi at the Women's Expo \n\nI got the pork taco for $1.99 plus a 10% discount...lol woohoo to 20 cents of savings ;). \n\nThe pork taco was delicious! Yummy spicy pork with cheese on a corn tortilla. The sweet and spicy sauce mixed in with their vegetable garnish was really tasty. It was fairly spicy and I needed a beverage along with my taco. I think my only complaint was that it was small and I was craving for more :). I wish I had gotten a burrito for $4.99 instead or a quesadilla for $6.99. \n\nAside from super yummy food! I think their prices are pretty decent. You can add a $1 and it becomes a combo. 2 tacos + a drink = $4.99, any burrito +drink = $5.99 etc. \n\nI am definitely a fan! If I see this truck again, I wouldn't think twice of getting another taco or maybe trying a burrito or quesadilla. \nNow I know what all the rage is about with the Korean/Mexican fusion food is all about. Yay!"
: "I love spending Saturday mornings in Kerrytown, starting with coffee and a trip to the Farmer's Market.  This market is my second favorite of the places I have lived (Hollywood's being the best, which I hold to ridiculously high standards and will probably never be topped.)\n\nThe prices are really great.  I have been to some Farmer's Markets where it seems the sole purpose is to rob you of all your hard earned money.  That's not the case in Ann Arbor, where I can come home with a full bag for 20 dollars or less.  \n\nThe variety is also very top notch.  Not only can you find fresh, local fruits and veggies, but also local coffee, chocolates, soaps, photography...practically anything your heart desires.  I really appreciate the love the people of Ann Arbor have for local businesses and farmers.  It makes me very happy. \n\nI have read some reviews about parking, but I don't think parking is bad at all.  Kerrytown is not a far walk from Main Street.  Why not park in one of the many structures and enjoy a nice stroll on the way to the market?"
: "A Harvard Square landmark; Out of Town News hasn't been locally owned for years and it shows. But still, this is such an institution that the recent reports of it's imminent demise make one sad for the days when the Square was an eclectic collection of local businesses catering to students, faculty and visitors and not just another shopping destination. Most of what made HS unique has disappeared; and if Out of Town News goes, it will erode a bit more the specialness of this area. That said, it's still one of the few places you can pick up Stern, The Observer, LeMonde and some more interesting international publications and newspapers."
: "Despite the consistent line that I find myself in at this location, they seem to always have two people at the checkout and for some reason they have to be on opposite sides of the counter. You either get the person right near you or you have to go all the way to the other side next to the door. Do the people here hate working with each other or something?\n\nThey also run out of random things like one day I went in looking for tweezers and they were out of stock....OF TWEEZERS?!?"
: "I am sad to hear Raleigh's burned down. I wish the owners much luck in rebuilding the place. You guys had a great place with great food. Enough for me to come back 6 months later and walk Telegraph up and down wondering if I was crazy for not being able to find the place...all because of the Reuben."
: "Parking sucks, but if you want Americanized chinese food this is the place to go. A lot of USC students come here to eat."
: "The Middle East is back. Having dumped the pay-to-play battle of the crappy bands, the M.E. has returned to the roots it does so well: rocking your socks off. It's 4 venues in one-- You pay less to see legends Downstairs than you do to see has-beens anywhere else. You can also catch smaller touring and local bands Upstairs , some DJs in Zuzu, or get food and/or listen to folk or something in the Corner.\n\nUpstairs is small (intimate, or stifling, depending on the band and the crowd), but not too bad a venue for acoustic acts. Anything more complicated or louder than a singer-songwriter is going to sound progressively shittier as volume is added.\n\nDownstairs, which doesn't have a show every night, is possibly the best place to see a show on earth. As Jason B. put it, \"it has everything where it counts.\" You can really tell there's a history here by the little things other clubs don't do-- like the free water with cups set up at the end of the bar. Sure, they could charge you $4 for a Poland Springs, but man, that'd be such a dick move. VIP section? Fuck off. Get there early and park by the stage, you get to be in front to see your favorite band. It ain't rocket science, but it all adds up. \n\nVenues that respect and love music as much as the Middle East are few and far between, and they often end up bought out or forced under (anyone remember the Wetlands in NYC?) We're glad to have you back M.E.\n\nZuZu is the newest of the M.E. ventures, and it's a pretty good time for a bar with a dancefloor vibe. It's usually free, and has a couple of cool recurring nights. Definitely worth checking out as you wander through Central Square. Not a place for the claustrophobic.\n\nThe food in the Corner is average to good, in my opinion, but I rarely eat there. Crowded, loud and somewhat overpriced."
: "The menu at Weathervane was just the type you love to see...one in which you find multiple dishes you'd love to order!  If only you had room for three entrees!  I had the southern eggs benedict, and while I loved the biscuits, I did miss the poached eggs.  I think the classic benedict may have been a better choice.  The coffee was delicious, and the server could not have been more hospitable.  As for the decorum, well, let's just say it's reminiscent of a Holiday Inn lobby.  But you get the feeling that this is a restaurant with a loyal fan-base of local brunch-goers, and perhaps they don't care about decor as long as the grits and biscuits are served fresh and hot!"
: "I thought this was a bar, but no - a liquor store.  Cute name, small, smells funky.  We left without a purchase."
: "The more I come here, the less I love it. \n\nIt's fine. My coffee is ok. My tea is ok too. All in all everything is ok - but nothing special, except for the fact that it is idolized by those who love it. \n\nI think it is probably great for people who want to go and sit and have some coffee with friends, but for working, it is just the pits - music is too loud, always really crowded and the lighting isn't very good. \n\nThe staff is really nice, and I think that they do a good job appealing to the hipster in everyone...but vibe isn't everything."
: "Chronicle is somewhat hard to find, which, as far as we can tell, accounts for its relative lack of renown.  As it stands, however, we think Chronicle Wine Cellar is LA's best kept secret.\n\nGus and the rest of the staff are always very friendly and helpful--and are not the sort of wine afficianados who are contemptuous of newcomers to the wine experience.  That said, they know what they are talking about.\n\nIt is a small joint, but has a nice selection of wines.   If you want quality at a reasonable price, we have never seen anything like it anywhere--and we mean anywhere.\n\nCheck it out, you won't regret it."
: "OK Noodle is, well, OK. (Also, What The Phad!? just decided to make their name into something that promises a mediocre experience? Sad.)\n\nThey do get an A for quirk factor, if you enjoy having your menus taped to old vinyl records and having framed noodles on the wall (also, talk about one RED interior). It was a good first impression, the lady waiting our table was eager to talk about the favorite menu items while the cook could gaze over our table from the open kitchen.\n\nI was with a big group that got a smattering of noodles, curry, and phad dishes. Many with cute kitschy names like Lava Curry, Crazy Noodle, and Buddha Noodles. But all were actually more familiar dishes such as Phad Thai, Phad See Ew, Swimming Rama, and Red Curry.\n\nAnd our plates were brought out as they were made (and not all at once) The folks at our table who got their food first were halfway done by the time the last person got their dish. Which is a bit non-standard. The restaurant was moderately full by the time our group wandered in, but as the place cleared out, service got a little more sketchy.\n\nA slight aside to attest to the food. It all leaned quite a bit more to the sweet side than I'm used to with Thai food. The sweet flavors in some cases making a rich dish a bit too much with no bright or savory notes to balance the dish out. Peanut sauces were not subtle in their sugar level, nor were the curries lighthanded with their coconut milk. Not my personal cup of tea.\n\nSo as we finally finished up our meal, a few tables got their checks, but there was some implicit agreement that individuals from our group would get up to the cashier to pay, though that wasn't quite made clear to us. We eventually figured it out by going up to someone that was standing around somewhere, though.\n\nPerhaps more easily taken care of if anyone came by our table for the entire last half of our meal. It's not too much to ask to get some service after we get our food, right?\n\nWell, it's a nice, cute little place. Decor's quirky. Food's alright. Service started out great, but fell off a bit at the end."
: "Yummy ice cream, friendly staff, and wide selection of ice cream. My only complaints is that sometimes they only have one staff for everyone and the line gets too long."
: "I am such a huge fan of this place because of both the amazing salads and the delicious Zuccini Bread. It's a great place for breakfast or lunch on a weekend. We tried it for dinner once and it seemed a little \"tired\". Hopefully the management will keep the interior up, it was starting to feel a little worn down on our last visit."
: "I lived here from 1988-1990, and it was about $500 per quarter, which was unbelieveable.  The food was, and apparently still is, awful.  Rumors abounded that the kitchen served cat meat.  There was a colorful maintenance man who lived in the garage accross the street from the main building, John Mosier, who gave the place class.  If it's $500 per month now, that is still a bargain.  Just put yourself in the mindset that this is a place to sleep, shower and eat.  You don't want to live here forever."
: "In N Out Burger is a must when you're in the vicinity of CA, because its the only place you can enjoy a double double animal style. \n\nI get it, its fresh.  Its an institution. But they should definitely call it it 'In N Hang Out' because it does take a pretty inordinate amount of time for a burger.  The rabid fans will shout, \"but quality takes time\" and they'd be right... but if the meat is never frozen, and its not that thick a burger, I just don't think the math adds up for how long you usually have to wait.\n\nThat one small quibble aside, damn I love their food.  The fries are that perfect balance of crispy and soft.  Salted perfect and dipped in a vanilla shake. MMmMmmMM\n\nThis particular In N Out craved a late night hunger when all other places were either closed or barren.  The clock struck midnight to commemorate my birthday and I happily smiled as I took a bite and thought, \"I can haz chzburger.\""
: "Their desserts aren't phenomenal, but I love the place anyway. Good coffee, cookies and ambiance make this cafe the perfect place for dates, intellectual conversations or studying (if you can block out all the interesting people around you). Try the cappuchino, assorted cookies, chocolate mousse with cherries, pumpkin pie and baklava. Be prepared to come back again and again for the atmosphere."
: "Not only a great beer/wine selection, they also have some organic meats and cheese, breakfast pastries, etc.  To top it all off, the staff is friendly, courteous, and helpful.  A great addition to the town of Riverdale."
: "Nu Bud, no Miller, BASTA!  How I admire a bar that won't serve crap beer!  Great prices on beer and not a bad selection.  Wish they had more English beers but still what they have is all good!"
: "OVERRATED. I had heard amazing things about this restaurant and had rather high expectations only to be left with dissappointment. I ordered the salmon which was okay. The Sashimi tuna was great though. And for dessert the selections are limited. The white chocolate cake was decent, but I would definitely go with the sorbet...which tasted very clean and fresh and was a great palate cleanser to end the meal.\n\nThe ambiance was cute however. I would check this place out once but would not go back again.\n\nThe one great aspect was that they cater to your dietary needs and so if you have any allergies or if you are vegan or vegetarian then you must try out the tasting menu! Great service!"
: "Beijing is on University of Penn's campus. Met a friend here for lunch awhile ago. Service was quick. There's lots of seating indoors which is good, as the place is usually crowded with starving medical students and passerbys that don't want to (or have the time to) venture to Chinatown. Their menu offers quite a few choices, depending on your meat preferences.\n\nThe food I had was somewhat americanized. Had a pork dish which wasn't great. I probably won't return (voluntarily), as I prefer the lunch trucks for their charm (believe it or not), better food and cheaper prices... avoid, you can get better Chinese in Philadelphia."
: "Hands down the best sushi in LA. This place knocks Nobu, Koi and Katsuya completely out of the game. Everything was perfect: the food was superb and the waitress who served us was so incredibly sweet, great service! Event the music was good.\n\nThe GM, Mike also came over and offered us a sampling of Tengu's pineapple infused sake. It was delicious! And because it was Sunday, all of their sake is  1/2 off (5:30 PM to Close).  We ended up order two bottles of it. We will definitely be coming back here again!"
: "There's a scene in Eat Pray Love when Elizabeth Gilbert gorges herself on pizza in Naples, Italy. She writes \"I love my pizza so much, in fact, that I have come to believe in my delirium that my pizza might actually love me, in return. I am having a relationship with this pizza, almost an affair.\"  \n\nThis is how I feel about Howie's Margarita pizza!  It IS deliriously delicious.\n\nThe dough is flat, soft but crispy on the edge, the fresh mozzarella adds the perfect saltiness to the pie. And the flavors from the simple tomato sauce and fresh basil simply makes you smile.  If you're hungry, order a whole pie just for you!  Or share one with a friend and order the chop salad to share too.  ...heaven."
: "not very impressed with the cupcakes to be honest! \nI had the red velvet, and banana, and they were very sweet. I had to remove part of the cream on top because I thought I was going to have a diabetic coma. I've had better! cupcakes don't necessarily have to be sweet!\nI also ordered coffee and they don't have a coffee table for cream and sugar, you have to ask for those things, and its kind of difficult when they are so busy.\n\nI think the place looks great, The decoration is a plus, but for sure is not a place to stay for too long. sits are not comfortable and is very small. You feel that dirty look from people wanting to sit right when you finish your food."
: "Umi is a Big Burrito venture (a local restaurant group), which means you're guaranteed to pay a decent amount for your dinner and there's a decent chance your dinner is going to be worth it.  Some BB places are worth the cost and some aren't.  Umi, happily, is worth it.  It's still pricey, so this probably isn't the place to sate your random Thursday craving for sushi, but it is an excellent special occasion place for the sushi lover.\n\nUp a few flights of stairs in a minimalist environment, Umi serves up excellent sushi (and a really nice octopus salad), including some higher quality varieties you can't always find in the mid-range places--toro and uni spring to mind.  This is not the kind of place you order chicken teriyaki (and if your date does order this, break up with him/her), Umi takes its suhsi seriously and the waitstaff is generally very helpful in navigating the menu, although I did have one experience there in which the waiter seemed like he was preening about his (legitimate) sushi knowledge.  The Omakase is expensive, but worth it.  But obviously, you can still have a great meal at Umi without dropping $75+ a head.  Excellent spot for a date or a small celebration."
: "Oh Gia. I lived very close to here for over two years, and gave it many more chances than it deserved.\n\nI've tried the salads, the breakfast sandwiches, the coffee. It's all fine, but it's all about 30% more expensive than it's worth. The wait time for Gia is really long, however, and I've spent (not even kidding) upwards of 15 minutes to get a non-toasted bagel. Process that for a second. A *non* toasted bagel. They used to have a delicious cinnamon sugar bagel that when toasted, was pure heaven I admit. Before they got rid of it, they burned it the last two times I got it, making me almost cry when I opened up my takeout bag. \n\nThey've also tried to rip me off a couple of times-make sure to count your change as it's often been $1-2 full dollars short. When called out on it, I'm immediately given back the money, making me believe it was less than accidental. Also, watch out for any popular meal times, as Gia will be CROWDED."
